Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the
bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the
book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in
it, ‘and what is the use of a book,’ thought Alice ‘without pictures or
conversations?’

So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the
hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure
of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and
picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran
close by her.

There was nothing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so
VERY much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, ‘Oh dear!
Oh dear! I shall be late!’ (when she thought it over afterwards, it
occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time
it all seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbit actually TOOK A WATCH
OUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT-POCKET, and looked at it, and then hurried on,
Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had
never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch
to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the field
after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a large
rabbit-hole under the hedge.

In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how
in the world she was to get out again.

The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think
about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very deep
well.

Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had
plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what was
going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out what
she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then she
looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with
cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she saw maps and pictures
hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as
she passed; it was labelled ‘ORANGE MARMALADE’, but to her great
disappointment it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear
of killing somebody, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as
she fell past it.

‘Well!’ thought Alice to herself, ‘after such a fall as this, I shall
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they’ll all think me at
home! Why, I wouldn’t say anything about it, even if I fell off the top
of the house!’ (Which was very likely true.)

Down, down, down. Would the fall NEVER come to an end! ‘I wonder how
many miles I’ve fallen by this time?’ she said aloud. ‘I must be getting
somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let me see: that would be four
thousand miles down, I think--’ (for, you see, Alice had learnt several
things of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and though this
was not a VERY good opportunity for showing off her knowledge, as there
was no one to listen to her, still it was good practice to say it over)
‘--yes, that’s about the right distance--but then I wonder what Latitude
or Longitude I’ve got to?’ (Alice had no idea what Latitude was, or
Longitude either, but thought they were nice grand words to say.)

Presently she began again. ‘I wonder if I shall fall right THROUGH the
earth! How funny it’ll seem to come out among the people that walk with
their heads downward! The Antipathies, I think--’ (she was rather glad
there WAS no one listening, this time, as it didn’t sound at all the
right word) ‘--but I shall have to ask them what the name of the country
is, you know. Please, Ma’am, is this New Zealand or Australia?’ (and
she tried to curtsey as she spoke--fancy CURTSEYING as you’re falling
through the air! Do you think you could manage it?) ‘And what an
ignorant little girl she’ll think me for asking! No, it’ll never do to
ask: perhaps I shall see it written up somewhere.’

Down, down, down. There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began
talking again. ‘Dinah’ll miss me very much to-night, I should think!’
(Dinah was the cat.) ‘I hope they’ll remember her saucer of milk at
tea-time. Dinah my dear! I wish you were down here with me! There are no
mice in the air, I’m afraid, but you might catch a bat, and that’s very
like a mouse, you know. But do cats eat bats, I wonder?’ And here Alice
began to get rather sleepy, and went on saying to herself, in a dreamy
sort of way, ‘Do cats eat bats? Do cats eat bats?’ and sometimes, ‘Do
bats eat cats?’ for, you see, as she couldn’t answer either question,
it didn’t much matter which way she put it. She felt that she was dozing
off, and had just begun to dream that she was walking hand in hand with
Dinah, and saying to her very earnestly, ‘Now, Dinah, tell me the truth:
did you ever eat a bat?’ when suddenly, thump! thump! down she came upon
a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and the fall was over.

Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment:
she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another
long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it.
There was not a moment to be lost: away went Alice like the wind, and
was just in time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, ‘Oh my ears
and whiskers, how late it’s getting!’ She was close behind it when she
turned the corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found
herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
from the roof.

There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked; and when
Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every
door, she walked sadly down the middle, wondering how she was ever to
get out again.

Suddenly she came upon a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass; there was nothing on it except a tiny golden key, and Alice’s
first thought was that it might belong to one of the doors of the hall;
but, alas! either the locks were too large, or the key was too small,
but at any rate it would not open any of them. However, on the second
time round, she came upon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and
behind it was a little door about fifteen inches high: she tried the
little golden key in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted!

Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not
much larger than a rat-hole: she knelt down and looked along the passage
into the loveliest garden you ever saw. How she longed to get out of
that dark hall, and wander about among those beds of bright flowers and
those cool fountains, but she could not even get her head through the
doorway; ‘and even if my head would go through,’ thought poor Alice, ‘it
would be of very little use without my shoulders. Oh, how I wish I could
shut up like a telescope! I think I could, if I only knew how to begin.’
For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had happened lately,
that Alice had begun to think that very few things indeed were really
impossible.

There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door, so she went
back to the table, half hoping she might find another key on it, or at
any rate a book of rules for shutting people up like telescopes: this
time she found a little bottle on it, [‘which certainly was not here
before,’ said Alice,) and round the neck of the bottle was a paper
label, with the words ‘DRINK ME’ beautifully printed on it in large
letters.

It was all very well to say ‘Drink me,’ but the wise little Alice was
not going to do THAT in a hurry. ‘No, I’ll look first,’ she said, ‘and
see whether it’s marked “poison” or not’; for she had read several nice
little histories about children who had got burnt, and eaten up by wild
beasts and other unpleasant things, all because they WOULD not remember
the simple rules their friends had taught them: such as, that a red-hot
poker will burn you if you hold it too long; and that if you cut your
finger VERY deeply with a knife, it usually bleeds; and she had never
forgotten that, if you drink much from a bottle marked ‘poison,’ it is
almost certain to disagree with you, sooner or later.

However, this bottle was NOT marked ‘poison,’ so Alice ventured to taste
it, and finding it very nice, (it had, in fact, a sort of mixed flavour
of cherry-tart, custard, pine-apple, roast turkey, toffee, and hot
buttered toast,) she very soon finished it off.

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *

    *    *    *    *    *    *

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *

‘What a curious feeling!’ said Alice; ‘I must be shutting up like a
telescope.’

And so it was indeed: she was now only ten inches high, and her face
brightened up at the thought that she was now the right size for going
through the little door into that lovely garden. First, however, she
waited for a few minutes to see if she was going to shrink any further:
she felt a little nervous about this; ‘for it might end, you know,’ said
Alice to herself, ‘in my going out altogether, like a candle. I wonder
what I should be like then?’ And she tried to fancy what the flame of a
candle is like after the candle is blown out, for she could not remember
ever having seen such a thing.

After a while, finding that nothing more happened, she decided on going
into the garden at once; but, alas for poor Alice! when she got to the
door, she found she had forgotten the little golden key, and when she
went back to the table for it, she found she could not possibly reach
it: she could see it quite plainly through the glass, and she tried her
best to climb up one of the legs of the table, but it was too slippery;
and when she had tired herself out with trying, the poor little thing
sat down and cried.

‘Come, there’s no use in crying like that!’ said Alice to herself,
rather sharply; ‘I advise you to leave off this minute!’ She generally
gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it),
and sometimes she scolded herself so severely as to bring tears into
her eyes; and once she remembered trying to box her own ears for having
cheated herself in a game of croquet she was playing against herself,
for this curious child was very fond of pretending to be two people.
‘But it’s no use now,’ thought poor Alice, ‘to pretend to be two people!
Why, there’s hardly enough of me left to make ONE respectable person!’

Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table:
she opened it, and found in it a very small cake, on which the words
‘EAT ME’ were beautifully marked in currants. ‘Well, I’ll eat it,’ said
Alice, ‘and if it makes me grow larger, I can reach the key; and if it
makes me grow smaller, I can creep under the door; so either way I’ll
get into the garden, and I don’t care which happens!’

She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, ‘Which way? Which
way?’, holding her hand on the top of her head to feel which way it was
growing, and she was quite surprised to find that she remained the same
size: to be sure, this generally happens when one eats cake, but Alice
had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way
things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on
in the common way.

So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *

    *    *    *    *    *    *

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *




CHAPTER II. The Pool of Tears

‘Curiouser and curiouser!’ cried Alice (she was so much surprised, that
for the moment she quite forgot how to speak good English); ‘now I’m
opening out like the largest telescope that ever was! Good-bye, feet!’
(for when she looked down at her feet, they seemed to be almost out of
sight, they were getting so far off). ‘Oh, my poor little feet, I wonder
who will put on your shoes and stockings for you now, dears? I’m sure
_I_ shan’t be able! I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble
myself about you: you must manage the best way you can;--but I must be
kind to them,’ thought Alice, ‘or perhaps they won’t walk the way I want
to go! Let me see: I’ll give them a new pair of boots every Christmas.’

And she went on planning to herself how she would manage it. ‘They must
go by the carrier,’ she thought; ‘and how funny it’ll seem, sending
presents to one’s own feet! And how odd the directions will look!

     ALICE’S RIGHT FOOT, ESQ.
       HEARTHRUG,
         NEAR THE FENDER,
           (WITH ALICE’S LOVE).

Oh dear, what nonsense I’m talking!’

Just then her head struck against the roof of the hall: in fact she was
now more than nine feet high, and she at once took up the little golden
key and hurried off to the garden door.

Poor Alice! It was as much as she could do, lying down on one side, to
look through into the garden with one eye; but to get through was more
hopeless than ever: she sat down and began to cry again.

‘You ought to be ashamed of yourself,’ said Alice, ‘a great girl like
you,’ (she might well say this), ‘to go on crying in this way! Stop this
moment, I tell you!’ But she went on all the same, shedding gallons of
tears, until there was a large pool all round her, about four inches
deep and reaching half down the hall.

After a time she heard a little pattering of feet in the distance, and
she hastily dried her eyes to see what was coming. It was the White
Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a pair of white kid gloves in
one hand and a large fan in the other: he came trotting along in a great
hurry, muttering to himself as he came, ‘Oh! the Duchess, the Duchess!
Oh! won’t she be savage if I’ve kept her waiting!’ Alice felt so
desperate that she was ready to ask help of any one; so, when the Rabbit
came near her, she began, in a low, timid voice, ‘If you please, sir--’
The Rabbit started violently, dropped the white kid gloves and the fan,
and skurried away into the darkness as hard as he could go.

Alice took up the fan and gloves, and, as the hall was very hot, she
kept fanning herself all the time she went on talking: ‘Dear, dear! How
queer everything is to-day! And yesterday things went on just as usual.
I wonder if I’ve been changed in the night? Let me think: was I the
same when I got up this morning? I almost think I can remember feeling a
little different. But if I’m not the same, the next question is, Who
in the world am I? Ah, THAT’S the great puzzle!’ And she began thinking
over all the children she knew that were of the same age as herself, to
see if she could have been changed for any of them.

‘I’m sure I’m not Ada,’ she said, ‘for her hair goes in such long
ringlets, and mine doesn’t go in ringlets at all; and I’m sure I can’t
be Mabel, for I know all sorts of things, and she, oh! she knows such a
very little! Besides, SHE’S she, and I’m I, and--oh dear, how puzzling
it all is! I’ll try if I know all the things I used to know. Let me
see: four times five is twelve, and four times six is thirteen, and
four times seven is--oh dear! I shall never get to twenty at that rate!
However, the Multiplication Table doesn’t signify: let’s try Geography.
London is the capital of Paris, and Paris is the capital of Rome, and
Rome--no, THAT’S all wrong, I’m certain! I must have been changed for
Mabel! I’ll try and say “How doth the little--“’ and she crossed her
hands on her lap as if she were saying lessons, and began to repeat it,
but her voice sounded hoarse and strange, and the words did not come the
same as they used to do:--

     ‘How doth the little crocodile
      Improve his shining tail,
     And pour the waters of the Nile
      On every golden scale!

     ‘How cheerfully he seems to grin,
      How neatly spread his claws,
     And welcome little fishes in
      With gently smiling jaws!’

‘I’m sure those are not the right words,’ said poor Alice, and her eyes
filled with tears again as she went on, ‘I must be Mabel after all, and
I shall have to go and live in that poky little house, and have next to
no toys to play with, and oh! ever so many lessons to learn! No, I’ve
made up my mind about it; if I’m Mabel, I’ll stay down here! It’ll be no
use their putting their heads down and saying “Come up again, dear!” I
shall only look up and say “Who am I then? Tell me that first, and then,
if I like being that person, I’ll come up: if not, I’ll stay down here
till I’m somebody else”--but, oh dear!’ cried Alice, with a sudden burst
of tears, ‘I do wish they WOULD put their heads down! I am so VERY tired
of being all alone here!’

As she said this she looked down at her hands, and was surprised to see
that she had put on one of the Rabbit’s little white kid gloves while
she was talking. ‘How CAN I have done that?’ she thought. ‘I must
be growing small again.’ She got up and went to the table to measure
herself by it, and found that, as nearly as she could guess, she was now
about two feet high, and was going on shrinking rapidly: she soon found
out that the cause of this was the fan she was holding, and she dropped
it hastily, just in time to avoid shrinking away altogether.

‘That WAS a narrow escape!’ said Alice, a good deal frightened at the
sudden change, but very glad to find herself still in existence; ‘and
now for the garden!’ and she ran with all speed back to the little door:
but, alas! the little door was shut again, and the little golden key was
lying on the glass table as before, ‘and things are worse than ever,’
thought the poor child, ‘for I never was so small as this before, never!
And I declare it’s too bad, that it is!’

As she said these words her foot slipped, and in another moment, splash!
she was up to her chin in salt water. Her first idea was that she
had somehow fallen into the sea, ‘and in that case I can go back by
railway,’ she said to herself. (Alice had been to the seaside once in
her life, and had come to the general conclusion, that wherever you go
to on the English coast you find a number of bathing machines in the
sea, some children digging in the sand with wooden spades, then a row
of lodging houses, and behind them a railway station.) However, she soon
made out that she was in the pool of tears which she had wept when she
was nine feet high.

‘I wish I hadn’t cried so much!’ said Alice, as she swam about, trying
to find her way out. ‘I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by
being drowned in my own tears! That WILL be a queer thing, to be sure!
However, everything is queer to-day.’

Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way
off, and she swam nearer to make out what it was: at first she thought
it must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then she remembered how small
she was now, and she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had
slipped in like herself.

‘Would it be of any use, now,’ thought Alice, ‘to speak to this mouse?
Everything is so out-of-the-way down here, that I should think very
likely it can talk: at any rate, there’s no harm in trying.’ So she
began: ‘O Mouse, do you know the way out of this pool? I am very tired
of swimming about here, O Mouse!’ (Alice thought this must be the right
way of speaking to a mouse: she had never done such a thing before, but
she remembered having seen in her brother’s Latin Grammar, ‘A mouse--of
a mouse--to a mouse--a mouse--O mouse!’) The Mouse looked at her rather
inquisitively, and seemed to her to wink with one of its little eyes,
but it said nothing.

‘Perhaps it doesn’t understand English,’ thought Alice; ‘I daresay it’s
a French mouse, come over with William the Conqueror.’ (For, with all
her knowledge of history, Alice had no very clear notion how long ago
anything had happened.) So she began again: ‘Ou est ma chatte?’ which
was the first sentence in her French lesson-book. The Mouse gave a
sudden leap out of the water, and seemed to quiver all over with fright.
‘Oh, I beg your pardon!’ cried Alice hastily, afraid that she had hurt
the poor animal’s feelings. ‘I quite forgot you didn’t like cats.’

‘Not like cats!’ cried the Mouse, in a shrill, passionate voice. ‘Would
YOU like cats if you were me?’

‘Well, perhaps not,’ said Alice in a soothing tone: ‘don’t be angry
about it. And yet I wish I could show you our cat Dinah: I think you’d
take a fancy to cats if you could only see her. She is such a dear quiet
thing,’ Alice went on, half to herself, as she swam lazily about in the
pool, ‘and she sits purring so nicely by the fire, licking her paws and
washing her face--and she is such a nice soft thing to nurse--and she’s
such a capital one for catching mice--oh, I beg your pardon!’ cried
Alice again, for this time the Mouse was bristling all over, and she
felt certain it must be really offended. ‘We won’t talk about her any
more if you’d rather not.’

‘We indeed!’ cried the Mouse, who was trembling down to the end of his
tail. ‘As if I would talk on such a subject! Our family always HATED
cats: nasty, low, vulgar things! Don’t let me hear the name again!’

‘I won’t indeed!’ said Alice, in a great hurry to change the subject of
conversation. ‘Are you--are you fond--of--of dogs?’ The Mouse did not
answer, so Alice went on eagerly: ‘There is such a nice little dog near
our house I should like to show you! A little bright-eyed terrier, you
know, with oh, such long curly brown hair! And it’ll fetch things when
you throw them, and it’ll sit up and beg for its dinner, and all sorts
of things--I can’t remember half of them--and it belongs to a farmer,
you know, and he says it’s so useful, it’s worth a hundred pounds! He
says it kills all the rats and--oh dear!’ cried Alice in a sorrowful
tone, ‘I’m afraid I’ve offended it again!’ For the Mouse was swimming
away from her as hard as it could go, and making quite a commotion in
the pool as it went.

So she called softly after it, ‘Mouse dear! Do come back again, and we
won’t talk about cats or dogs either, if you don’t like them!’ When the
Mouse heard this, it turned round and swam slowly back to her: its
face was quite pale (with passion, Alice thought), and it said in a low
trembling voice, ‘Let us get to the shore, and then I’ll tell you my
history, and you’ll understand why it is I hate cats and dogs.’

It was high time to go, for the pool was getting quite crowded with the
birds and animals that had fallen into it: there were a Duck and a Dodo,
a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures. Alice led the
way, and the whole party swam to the shore.




CHAPTER III. A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale

They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the bank--the
birds with draggled feathers, the animals with their fur clinging close
to them, and all dripping wet, cross, and uncomfortable.

The first question of course was, how to get dry again: they had a
consultation about this, and after a few minutes it seemed quite natural
to Alice to find herself talking familiarly with them, as if she had
known them all her life. Indeed, she had quite a long argument with the
Lory, who at last turned sulky, and would only say, ‘I am older than
you, and must know better’; and this Alice would not allow without
knowing how old it was, and, as the Lory positively refused to tell its
age, there was no more to be said.

At last the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them,
called out, ‘Sit down, all of you, and listen to me! I’LL soon make you
dry enough!’ They all sat down at once, in a large ring, with the Mouse
in the middle. Alice kept her eyes anxiously fixed on it, for she felt
sure she would catch a bad cold if she did not get dry very soon.

‘Ahem!’ said the Mouse with an important air, ‘are you all ready? This
is the driest thing I know. Silence all round, if you please! “William
the Conqueror, whose cause was favoured by the pope, was soon submitted
to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been of late much
accustomed to usurpation and conquest. Edwin and Morcar, the earls of
Mercia and Northumbria--“’

‘Ugh!’ said the Lory, with a shiver.

‘I beg your pardon!’ said the Mouse, frowning, but very politely: ‘Did
you speak?’

‘Not I!’ said the Lory hastily.

‘I thought you did,’ said the Mouse. ‘--I proceed. “Edwin and Morcar,
the earls of Mercia and Northumbria, declared for him: and even Stigand,
the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found it advisable--“’

‘Found WHAT?’ said the Duck.

‘Found IT,’ the Mouse replied rather crossly: ‘of course you know what
“it” means.’

‘I know what “it” means well enough, when I find a thing,’ said the
Duck: ‘it’s generally a frog or a worm. The question is, what did the
archbishop find?’

The Mouse did not notice this question, but hurriedly went on, ‘“--found
it advisable to go with Edgar Atheling to meet William and offer him the
crown. William’s conduct at first was moderate. But the insolence of his
Normans--” How are you getting on now, my dear?’ it continued, turning
to Alice as it spoke.

‘As wet as ever,’ said Alice in a melancholy tone: ‘it doesn’t seem to
dry me at all.’

‘In that case,’ said the Dodo solemnly, rising to its feet, ‘I move
that the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more energetic
remedies--’

‘Speak English!’ said the Eaglet. ‘I don’t know the meaning of half
those long words, and, what’s more, I don’t believe you do either!’ And
the Eaglet bent down its head to hide a smile: some of the other birds
tittered audibly.

‘What I was going to say,’ said the Dodo in an offended tone, ‘was, that
the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race.’

‘What IS a Caucus-race?’ said Alice; not that she wanted much to know,
but the Dodo had paused as if it thought that SOMEBODY ought to speak,
and no one else seemed inclined to say anything.

‘Why,’ said the Dodo, ‘the best way to explain it is to do it.’ (And, as
you might like to try the thing yourself, some winter day, I will tell
you how the Dodo managed it.)

First it marked out a race-course, in a sort of circle, [‘the exact
shape doesn’t matter,’ it said,) and then all the party were placed
along the course, here and there. There was no ‘One, two, three, and
away,’ but they began running when they liked, and left off when they
liked, so that it was not easy to know when the race was over. However,
when they had been running half an hour or so, and were quite dry again,
the Dodo suddenly called out ‘The race is over!’ and they all crowded
round it, panting, and asking, ‘But who has won?’

This question the Dodo could not answer without a great deal of thought,
and it sat for a long time with one finger pressed upon its forehead
(the position in which you usually see Shakespeare, in the pictures
of him), while the rest waited in silence. At last the Dodo said,
‘EVERYBODY has won, and all must have prizes.’

‘But who is to give the prizes?’ quite a chorus of voices asked.

‘Why, SHE, of course,’ said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with one finger;
and the whole party at once crowded round her, calling out in a confused
way, ‘Prizes! Prizes!’

Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand in her
pocket, and pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt water had
not got into it), and handed them round as prizes. There was exactly one
a-piece all round.

‘But she must have a prize herself, you know,’ said the Mouse.

‘Of course,’ the Dodo replied very gravely. ‘What else have you got in
your pocket?’ he went on, turning to Alice.

‘Only a thimble,’ said Alice sadly.

‘Hand it over here,’ said the Dodo.

Then they all crowded round her once more, while the Dodo solemnly
presented the thimble, saying ‘We beg your acceptance of this elegant
thimble’; and, when it had finished this short speech, they all cheered.

Alice thought the whole thing very absurd, but they all looked so grave
that she did not dare to laugh; and, as she could not think of anything
to say, she simply bowed, and took the thimble, looking as solemn as she
could.

The next thing was to eat the comfits: this caused some noise and
confusion, as the large birds complained that they could not taste
theirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on the back.
However, it was over at last, and they sat down again in a ring, and
begged the Mouse to tell them something more.

‘You promised to tell me your history, you know,’ said Alice, ‘and why
it is you hate--C and D,’ she added in a whisper, half afraid that it
would be offended again.

‘Mine is a long and a sad tale!’ said the Mouse, turning to Alice, and
sighing.

‘It IS a long tail, certainly,’ said Alice, looking down with wonder at
the Mouse’s tail; ‘but why do you call it sad?’ And she kept on puzzling
about it while the Mouse was speaking, so that her idea of the tale was
something like this:--

         ‘Fury said to a
         mouse, That he
        met in the
       house,
     “Let us
      both go to
       law: I will
        prosecute
         YOU.--Come,
           I’ll take no
           denial; We
          must have a
        trial: For
      really this
     morning I’ve
    nothing
    to do.”
      Said the
      mouse to the
       cur, “Such
        a trial,
         dear Sir,
            With
          no jury
        or judge,
       would be
      wasting
      our
      breath.”
        “I’ll be
        judge, I’ll
         be jury,”
             Said
         cunning
          old Fury:
          “I’ll
          try the
            whole
            cause,
              and
           condemn
           you
          to
           death.”’


‘You are not attending!’ said the Mouse to Alice severely. ‘What are you
thinking of?’

‘I beg your pardon,’ said Alice very humbly: ‘you had got to the fifth
bend, I think?’

‘I had NOT!’ cried the Mouse, sharply and very angrily.

‘A knot!’ said Alice, always ready to make herself useful, and looking
anxiously about her. ‘Oh, do let me help to undo it!’

‘I shall do nothing of the sort,’ said the Mouse, getting up and walking
away. ‘You insult me by talking such nonsense!’

‘I didn’t mean it!’ pleaded poor Alice. ‘But you’re so easily offended,
you know!’

The Mouse only growled in reply.

‘Please come back and finish your story!’ Alice called after it; and the
others all joined in chorus, ‘Yes, please do!’ but the Mouse only shook
its head impatiently, and walked a little quicker.

‘What a pity it wouldn’t stay!’ sighed the Lory, as soon as it was quite
out of sight; and an old Crab took the opportunity of saying to her
daughter ‘Ah, my dear! Let this be a lesson to you never to lose
YOUR temper!’ ‘Hold your tongue, Ma!’ said the young Crab, a little
snappishly. ‘You’re enough to try the patience of an oyster!’

‘I wish I had our Dinah here, I know I do!’ said Alice aloud, addressing
nobody in particular. ‘She’d soon fetch it back!’

‘And who is Dinah, if I might venture to ask the question?’ said the
Lory.

Alice replied eagerly, for she was always ready to talk about her pet:
‘Dinah’s our cat. And she’s such a capital one for catching mice you
can’t think! And oh, I wish you could see her after the birds! Why,
she’ll eat a little bird as soon as look at it!’

This speech caused a remarkable sensation among the party. Some of the
birds hurried off at once: one old Magpie began wrapping itself up very
carefully, remarking, ‘I really must be getting home; the night-air
doesn’t suit my throat!’ and a Canary called out in a trembling voice to
its children, ‘Come away, my dears! It’s high time you were all in bed!’
On various pretexts they all moved off, and Alice was soon left alone.

‘I wish I hadn’t mentioned Dinah!’ she said to herself in a melancholy
tone. ‘Nobody seems to like her, down here, and I’m sure she’s the best
cat in the world! Oh, my dear Dinah! I wonder if I shall ever see you
any more!’ And here poor Alice began to cry again, for she felt very
lonely and low-spirited. In a little while, however, she again heard
a little pattering of footsteps in the distance, and she looked up
eagerly, half hoping that the Mouse had changed his mind, and was coming
back to finish his story.




CHAPTER IV. The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill

It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and looking
anxiously about as it went, as if it had lost something; and she heard
it muttering to itself ‘The Duchess! The Duchess! Oh my dear paws! Oh
my fur and whiskers! She’ll get me executed, as sure as ferrets are
ferrets! Where CAN I have dropped them, I wonder?’ Alice guessed in a
moment that it was looking for the fan and the pair of white kid gloves,
and she very good-naturedly began hunting about for them, but they were
nowhere to be seen--everything seemed to have changed since her swim in
the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door,
had vanished completely.

Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about, and
called out to her in an angry tone, ‘Why, Mary Ann, what ARE you doing
out here? Run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of gloves and a fan!
Quick, now!’ And Alice was so much frightened that she ran off at once
in the direction it pointed to, without trying to explain the mistake it
had made.

‘He took me for his housemaid,’ she said to herself as she ran. ‘How
surprised he’ll be when he finds out who I am! But I’d better take him
his fan and gloves--that is, if I can find them.’ As she said this, she
came upon a neat little house, on the door of which was a bright brass
plate with the name ‘W. RABBIT’ engraved upon it. She went in without
knocking, and hurried upstairs, in great fear lest she should meet the
real Mary Ann, and be turned out of the house before she had found the
fan and gloves.

‘How queer it seems,’ Alice said to herself, ‘to be going messages for
a rabbit! I suppose Dinah’ll be sending me on messages next!’ And she
began fancying the sort of thing that would happen: ‘“Miss Alice! Come
here directly, and get ready for your walk!” “Coming in a minute,
nurse! But I’ve got to see that the mouse doesn’t get out.” Only I don’t
think,’ Alice went on, ‘that they’d let Dinah stop in the house if it
began ordering people about like that!’

By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with a table
in the window, and on it (as she had hoped) a fan and two or three pairs
of tiny white kid gloves: she took up the fan and a pair of the gloves,
and was just going to leave the room, when her eye fell upon a little
bottle that stood near the looking-glass. There was no label this time
with the words ‘DRINK ME,’ but nevertheless she uncorked it and put it
to her lips. ‘I know SOMETHING interesting is sure to happen,’ she said
to herself, ‘whenever I eat or drink anything; so I’ll just see what
this bottle does. I do hope it’ll make me grow large again, for really
I’m quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!’

It did so indeed, and much sooner than she had expected: before she had
drunk half the bottle, she found her head pressing against the ceiling,
and had to stoop to save her neck from being broken. She hastily put
down the bottle, saying to herself ‘That’s quite enough--I hope I shan’t
grow any more--As it is, I can’t get out at the door--I do wish I hadn’t
drunk quite so much!’

Alas! it was too late to wish that! She went on growing, and growing,
and very soon had to kneel down on the floor: in another minute there
was not even room for this, and she tried the effect of lying down with
one elbow against the door, and the other arm curled round her head.
Still she went on growing, and, as a last resource, she put one arm out
of the window, and one foot up the chimney, and said to herself ‘Now I
can do no more, whatever happens. What WILL become of me?’

Luckily for Alice, the little magic bottle had now had its full effect,
and she grew no larger: still it was very uncomfortable, and, as there
seemed to be no sort of chance of her ever getting out of the room
again, no wonder she felt unhappy.

‘It was much pleasanter at home,’ thought poor Alice, ‘when one wasn’t
always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about by mice and
rabbits. I almost wish I hadn’t gone down that rabbit-hole--and yet--and
yet--it’s rather curious, you know, this sort of life! I do wonder what
CAN have happened to me! When I used to read fairy-tales, I fancied that
kind of thing never happened, and now here I am in the middle of one!
There ought to be a book written about me, that there ought! And when I
grow up, I’ll write one--but I’m grown up now,’ she added in a sorrowful
tone; ‘at least there’s no room to grow up any more HERE.’

‘But then,’ thought Alice, ‘shall I NEVER get any older than I am
now? That’ll be a comfort, one way--never to be an old woman--but
then--always to have lessons to learn! Oh, I shouldn’t like THAT!’

‘Oh, you foolish Alice!’ she answered herself. ‘How can you learn
lessons in here? Why, there’s hardly room for YOU, and no room at all
for any lesson-books!’

And so she went on, taking first one side and then the other, and making
quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few minutes she heard
a voice outside, and stopped to listen.

‘Mary Ann! Mary Ann!’ said the voice. ‘Fetch me my gloves this moment!’
Then came a little pattering of feet on the stairs. Alice knew it was
the Rabbit coming to look for her, and she trembled till she shook the
house, quite forgetting that she was now about a thousand times as large
as the Rabbit, and had no reason to be afraid of it.

Presently the Rabbit came up to the door, and tried to open it; but, as
the door opened inwards, and Alice’s elbow was pressed hard against it,
that attempt proved a failure. Alice heard it say to itself ‘Then I’ll
go round and get in at the window.’

‘THAT you won’t’ thought Alice, and, after waiting till she fancied
she heard the Rabbit just under the window, she suddenly spread out her
hand, and made a snatch in the air. She did not get hold of anything,
but she heard a little shriek and a fall, and a crash of broken glass,
from which she concluded that it was just possible it had fallen into a
cucumber-frame, or something of the sort.

Next came an angry voice--the Rabbit’s--‘Pat! Pat! Where are you?’ And
then a voice she had never heard before, ‘Sure then I’m here! Digging
for apples, yer honour!’

‘Digging for apples, indeed!’ said the Rabbit angrily. ‘Here! Come and
help me out of THIS!’ (Sounds of more broken glass.)

‘Now tell me, Pat, what’s that in the window?’

‘Sure, it’s an arm, yer honour!’ (He pronounced it ‘arrum.’)

‘An arm, you goose! Who ever saw one that size? Why, it fills the whole
window!’

‘Sure, it does, yer honour: but it’s an arm for all that.’

‘Well, it’s got no business there, at any rate: go and take it away!’

There was a long silence after this, and Alice could only hear whispers
now and then; such as, ‘Sure, I don’t like it, yer honour, at all, at
all!’ ‘Do as I tell you, you coward!’ and at last she spread out her
hand again, and made another snatch in the air. This time there were
TWO little shrieks, and more sounds of broken glass. ‘What a number of
cucumber-frames there must be!’ thought Alice. ‘I wonder what they’ll do
next! As for pulling me out of the window, I only wish they COULD! I’m
sure I don’t want to stay in here any longer!’

She waited for some time without hearing anything more: at last came a
rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a good many voices
all talking together: she made out the words: ‘Where’s the other
ladder?--Why, I hadn’t to bring but one; Bill’s got the other--Bill!
fetch it here, lad!--Here, put ‘em up at this corner--No, tie ‘em
together first--they don’t reach half high enough yet--Oh! they’ll
do well enough; don’t be particular--Here, Bill! catch hold of this
rope--Will the roof bear?--Mind that loose slate--Oh, it’s coming
down! Heads below!’ (a loud crash)--‘Now, who did that?--It was Bill, I
fancy--Who’s to go down the chimney?--Nay, I shan’t! YOU do it!--That I
won’t, then!--Bill’s to go down--Here, Bill! the master says you’re to
go down the chimney!’

‘Oh! So Bill’s got to come down the chimney, has he?’ said Alice to
herself. ‘Shy, they seem to put everything upon Bill! I wouldn’t be in
Bill’s place for a good deal: this fireplace is narrow, to be sure; but
I THINK I can kick a little!’

She drew her foot as far down the chimney as she could, and waited
till she heard a little animal (she couldn’t guess of what sort it was)
scratching and scrambling about in the chimney close above her: then,
saying to herself ‘This is Bill,’ she gave one sharp kick, and waited to
see what would happen next.

The first thing she heard was a general chorus of ‘There goes Bill!’
then the Rabbit’s voice along--‘Catch him, you by the hedge!’ then
silence, and then another confusion of voices--‘Hold up his head--Brandy
now--Don’t choke him--How was it, old fellow? What happened to you? Tell
us all about it!’

Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, [‘That’s Bill,’ thought
Alice,) ‘Well, I hardly know--No more, thank ye; I’m better now--but I’m
a deal too flustered to tell you--all I know is, something comes at me
like a Jack-in-the-box, and up I goes like a sky-rocket!’

‘So you did, old fellow!’ said the others.

‘We must burn the house down!’ said the Rabbit’s voice; and Alice called
out as loud as she could, ‘If you do. I’ll set Dinah at you!’

There was a dead silence instantly, and Alice thought to herself, ‘I
wonder what they WILL do next! If they had any sense, they’d take the
roof off.’ After a minute or two, they began moving about again, and
Alice heard the Rabbit say, ‘A barrowful will do, to begin with.’

‘A barrowful of WHAT?’ thought Alice; but she had not long to doubt,
for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came rattling in at the
window, and some of them hit her in the face. ‘I’ll put a stop to this,’
she said to herself, and shouted out, ‘You’d better not do that again!’
which produced another dead silence.

Alice noticed with some surprise that the pebbles were all turning into
little cakes as they lay on the floor, and a bright idea came into her
head. ‘If I eat one of these cakes,’ she thought, ‘it’s sure to make
SOME change in my size; and as it can’t possibly make me larger, it must
make me smaller, I suppose.’

So she swallowed one of the cakes, and was delighted to find that she
began shrinking directly. As soon as she was small enough to get through
the door, she ran out of the house, and found quite a crowd of little
animals and birds waiting outside. The poor little Lizard, Bill, was
in the middle, being held up by two guinea-pigs, who were giving it
something out of a bottle. They all made a rush at Alice the moment she
appeared; but she ran off as hard as she could, and soon found herself
safe in a thick wood.

‘The first thing I’ve got to do,’ said Alice to herself, as she wandered
about in the wood, ‘is to grow to my right size again; and the second
thing is to find my way into that lovely garden. I think that will be
the best plan.’

It sounded an excellent plan, no doubt, and very neatly and simply
arranged; the only difficulty was, that she had not the smallest idea
how to set about it; and while she was peering about anxiously among
the trees, a little sharp bark just over her head made her look up in a
great hurry.

An enormous puppy was looking down at her with large round eyes, and
feebly stretching out one paw, trying to touch her. ‘Poor little thing!’
said Alice, in a coaxing tone, and she tried hard to whistle to it; but
she was terribly frightened all the time at the thought that it might be
hungry, in which case it would be very likely to eat her up in spite of
all her coaxing.

Hardly knowing what she did, she picked up a little bit of stick, and
held it out to the puppy; whereupon the puppy jumped into the air off
all its feet at once, with a yelp of delight, and rushed at the stick,
and made believe to worry it; then Alice dodged behind a great thistle,
to keep herself from being run over; and the moment she appeared on the
other side, the puppy made another rush at the stick, and tumbled head
over heels in its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was
very like having a game of play with a cart-horse, and expecting every
moment to be trampled under its feet, ran round the thistle again; then
the puppy began a series of short charges at the stick, running a very
little way forwards each time and a long way back, and barking hoarsely
all the while, till at last it sat down a good way off, panting, with
its tongue hanging out of its mouth, and its great eyes half shut.

This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making her escape; so she
set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out of breath, and
till the puppy’s bark sounded quite faint in the distance.

‘And yet what a dear little puppy it was!’ said Alice, as she leant
against a buttercup to rest herself, and fanned herself with one of the
leaves: ‘I should have liked teaching it tricks very much, if--if I’d
only been the right size to do it! Oh dear! I’d nearly forgotten that
I’ve got to grow up again! Let me see--how IS it to be managed? I
suppose I ought to eat or drink something or other; but the great
question is, what?’

The great question certainly was, what? Alice looked all round her at
the flowers and the blades of grass, but she did not see anything that
looked like the right thing to eat or drink under the circumstances.
There was a large mushroom growing near her, about the same height as
herself; and when she had looked under it, and on both sides of it, and
behind it, it occurred to her that she might as well look and see what
was on the top of it.

She stretched herself up on tiptoe, and peeped over the edge of the
mushroom, and her eyes immediately met those of a large caterpillar,
that was sitting on the top with its arms folded, quietly smoking a long
hookah, and taking not the smallest notice of her or of anything else.




CHAPTER V. Advice from a Caterpillar

The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in silence:
at last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth, and addressed
her in a languid, sleepy voice.

‘Who are YOU?’ said the Caterpillar.

This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation. Alice replied,
rather shyly, ‘I--I hardly know, sir, just at present--at least I know
who I WAS when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been
changed several times since then.’

‘What do you mean by that?’ said the Caterpillar sternly. ‘Explain
yourself!’

‘I can’t explain MYSELF, I’m afraid, sir’ said Alice, ‘because I’m not
myself, you see.’

‘I don’t see,’ said the Caterpillar.

‘I’m afraid I can’t put it more clearly,’ Alice replied very politely,
‘for I can’t understand it myself to begin with; and being so many
different sizes in a day is very confusing.’

‘It isn’t,’ said the Caterpillar.

‘Well, perhaps you haven’t found it so yet,’ said Alice; ‘but when you
have to turn into a chrysalis--you will some day, you know--and then
after that into a butterfly, I should think you’ll feel it a little
queer, won’t you?’

‘Not a bit,’ said the Caterpillar.

‘Well, perhaps your feelings may be different,’ said Alice; ‘all I know
is, it would feel very queer to ME.’

‘You!’ said the Caterpillar contemptuously. ‘Who are YOU?’

Which brought them back again to the beginning of the conversation.
Alice felt a little irritated at the Caterpillar’s making such VERY
short remarks, and she drew herself up and said, very gravely, ‘I think,
you ought to tell me who YOU are, first.’

‘Why?’ said the Caterpillar.

Here was another puzzling question; and as Alice could not think of any
good reason, and as the Caterpillar seemed to be in a VERY unpleasant
state of mind, she turned away.

‘Come back!’ the Caterpillar called after her. ‘I’ve something important
to say!’

This sounded promising, certainly: Alice turned and came back again.

‘Keep your temper,’ said the Caterpillar.

‘Is that all?’ said Alice, swallowing down her anger as well as she
could.

‘No,’ said the Caterpillar.

Alice thought she might as well wait, as she had nothing else to do, and
perhaps after all it might tell her something worth hearing. For some
minutes it puffed away without speaking, but at last it unfolded its
arms, took the hookah out of its mouth again, and said, ‘So you think
you’re changed, do you?’

‘I’m afraid I am, sir,’ said Alice; ‘I can’t remember things as I
used--and I don’t keep the same size for ten minutes together!’

‘Can’t remember WHAT things?’ said the Caterpillar.

‘Well, I’ve tried to say “HOW DOTH THE LITTLE BUSY BEE,” but it all came
different!’ Alice replied in a very melancholy voice.

‘Repeat, “YOU ARE OLD, FATHER WILLIAM,”’ said the Caterpillar.

Alice folded her hands, and began:--

   ‘You are old, Father William,’ the young man said,
    ‘And your hair has become very white;
   And yet you incessantly stand on your head--
    Do you think, at your age, it is right?’

   ‘In my youth,’ Father William replied to his son,
    ‘I feared it might injure the brain;
   But, now that I’m perfectly sure I have none,
    Why, I do it again and again.’

   ‘You are old,’ said the youth, ‘as I mentioned before,
    And have grown most uncommonly fat;
   Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door--
    Pray, what is the reason of that?’

   ‘In my youth,’ said the sage, as he shook his grey locks,
    ‘I kept all my limbs very supple
   By the use of this ointment--one shilling the box--
    Allow me to sell you a couple?’

   ‘You are old,’ said the youth, ‘and your jaws are too weak
    For anything tougher than suet;
   Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak--
    Pray how did you manage to do it?’

   ‘In my youth,’ said his father, ‘I took to the law,
    And argued each case with my wife;
   And the muscular strength, which it gave to my jaw,
    Has lasted the rest of my life.’

   ‘You are old,’ said the youth, ‘one would hardly suppose
    That your eye was as steady as ever;
   Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose--
    What made you so awfully clever?’

   ‘I have answered three questions, and that is enough,’
    Said his father; ‘don’t give yourself airs!
   Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
    Be off, or I’ll kick you down stairs!’


‘That is not said right,’ said the Caterpillar.

‘Not QUITE right, I’m afraid,’ said Alice, timidly; ‘some of the words
have got altered.’

‘It is wrong from beginning to end,’ said the Caterpillar decidedly, and
there was silence for some minutes.

The Caterpillar was the first to speak.

‘What size do you want to be?’ it asked.

‘Oh, I’m not particular as to size,’ Alice hastily replied; ‘only one
doesn’t like changing so often, you know.’

‘I DON’T know,’ said the Caterpillar.

Alice said nothing: she had never been so much contradicted in her life
before, and she felt that she was losing her temper.

‘Are you content now?’ said the Caterpillar.

‘Well, I should like to be a LITTLE larger, sir, if you wouldn’t mind,’
said Alice: ‘three inches is such a wretched height to be.’

‘It is a very good height indeed!’ said the Caterpillar angrily, rearing
itself upright as it spoke (it was exactly three inches high).

‘But I’m not used to it!’ pleaded poor Alice in a piteous tone. And
she thought of herself, ‘I wish the creatures wouldn’t be so easily
offended!’

‘You’ll get used to it in time,’ said the Caterpillar; and it put the
hookah into its mouth and began smoking again.

This time Alice waited patiently until it chose to speak again. In
a minute or two the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth
and yawned once or twice, and shook itself. Then it got down off the
mushroom, and crawled away in the grass, merely remarking as it went,
‘One side will make you grow taller, and the other side will make you
grow shorter.’

‘One side of WHAT? The other side of WHAT?’ thought Alice to herself.

‘Of the mushroom,’ said the Caterpillar, just as if she had asked it
aloud; and in another moment it was out of sight.

Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute, trying
to make out which were the two sides of it; and as it was perfectly
round, she found this a very difficult question. However, at last she
stretched her arms round it as far as they would go, and broke off a bit
of the edge with each hand.

‘And now which is which?’ she said to herself, and nibbled a little of
the right-hand bit to try the effect: the next moment she felt a violent
blow underneath her chin: it had struck her foot!

She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, but she felt
that there was no time to be lost, as she was shrinking rapidly; so she
set to work at once to eat some of the other bit. Her chin was pressed
so closely against her foot, that there was hardly room to open her
mouth; but she did it at last, and managed to swallow a morsel of the
lefthand bit.


  *    *    *    *    *    *    *

    *    *    *    *    *    *

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *

‘Come, my head’s free at last!’ said Alice in a tone of delight, which
changed into alarm in another moment, when she found that her shoulders
were nowhere to be found: all she could see, when she looked down, was
an immense length of neck, which seemed to rise like a stalk out of a
sea of green leaves that lay far below her.

‘What CAN all that green stuff be?’ said Alice. ‘And where HAVE my
shoulders got to? And oh, my poor hands, how is it I can’t see you?’
She was moving them about as she spoke, but no result seemed to follow,
except a little shaking among the distant green leaves.

As there seemed to be no chance of getting her hands up to her head, she
tried to get her head down to them, and was delighted to find that her
neck would bend about easily in any direction, like a serpent. She had
just succeeded in curving it down into a graceful zigzag, and was going
to dive in among the leaves, which she found to be nothing but the tops
of the trees under which she had been wandering, when a sharp hiss made
her draw back in a hurry: a large pigeon had flown into her face, and
was beating her violently with its wings.

‘Serpent!’ screamed the Pigeon.

‘I’m NOT a serpent!’ said Alice indignantly. ‘Let me alone!’

‘Serpent, I say again!’ repeated the Pigeon, but in a more subdued tone,
and added with a kind of sob, ‘I’ve tried every way, and nothing seems
to suit them!’

‘I haven’t the least idea what you’re talking about,’ said Alice.

‘I’ve tried the roots of trees, and I’ve tried banks, and I’ve tried
hedges,’ the Pigeon went on, without attending to her; ‘but those
serpents! There’s no pleasing them!’

Alice was more and more puzzled, but she thought there was no use in
saying anything more till the Pigeon had finished.

‘As if it wasn’t trouble enough hatching the eggs,’ said the Pigeon;
‘but I must be on the look-out for serpents night and day! Why, I
haven’t had a wink of sleep these three weeks!’

‘I’m very sorry you’ve been annoyed,’ said Alice, who was beginning to
see its meaning.

‘And just as I’d taken the highest tree in the wood,’ continued the
Pigeon, raising its voice to a shriek, ‘and just as I was thinking I
should be free of them at last, they must needs come wriggling down from
the sky! Ugh, Serpent!’

‘But I’m NOT a serpent, I tell you!’ said Alice. ‘I’m a--I’m a--’

‘Well! WHAT are you?’ said the Pigeon. ‘I can see you’re trying to
invent something!’

‘I--I’m a little girl,’ said Alice, rather doubtfully, as she remembered
the number of changes she had gone through that day.

‘A likely story indeed!’ said the Pigeon in a tone of the deepest
contempt. ‘I’ve seen a good many little girls in my time, but never ONE
with such a neck as that! No, no! You’re a serpent; and there’s no use
denying it. I suppose you’ll be telling me next that you never tasted an
egg!’

‘I HAVE tasted eggs, certainly,’ said Alice, who was a very truthful
child; ‘but little girls eat eggs quite as much as serpents do, you
know.’

‘I don’t believe it,’ said the Pigeon; ‘but if they do, why then they’re
a kind of serpent, that’s all I can say.’

This was such a new idea to Alice, that she was quite silent for a
minute or two, which gave the Pigeon the opportunity of adding, ‘You’re
looking for eggs, I know THAT well enough; and what does it matter to me
whether you’re a little girl or a serpent?’

‘It matters a good deal to ME,’ said Alice hastily; ‘but I’m not looking
for eggs, as it happens; and if I was, I shouldn’t want YOURS: I don’t
like them raw.’

‘Well, be off, then!’ said the Pigeon in a sulky tone, as it settled
down again into its nest. Alice crouched down among the trees as well as
she could, for her neck kept getting entangled among the branches, and
every now and then she had to stop and untwist it. After a while she
remembered that she still held the pieces of mushroom in her hands, and
she set to work very carefully, nibbling first at one and then at the
other, and growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until she had
succeeded in bringing herself down to her usual height.

It was so long since she had been anything near the right size, that it
felt quite strange at first; but she got used to it in a few minutes,
and began talking to herself, as usual. ‘Come, there’s half my plan done
now! How puzzling all these changes are! I’m never sure what I’m going
to be, from one minute to another! However, I’ve got back to my right
size: the next thing is, to get into that beautiful garden--how IS that
to be done, I wonder?’ As she said this, she came suddenly upon an open
place, with a little house in it about four feet high. ‘Whoever lives
there,’ thought Alice, ‘it’ll never do to come upon them THIS size: why,
I should frighten them out of their wits!’ So she began nibbling at the
righthand bit again, and did not venture to go near the house till she
had brought herself down to nine inches high.




CHAPTER VI. Pig and Pepper

For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and wondering what
to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came running out of the
wood--(she considered him to be a footman because he was in livery:
otherwise, judging by his face only, she would have called him a
fish)--and rapped loudly at the door with his knuckles. It was opened
by another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a
frog; and both footmen, Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled all
over their heads. She felt very curious to know what it was all about,
and crept a little way out of the wood to listen.

The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great letter,
nearly as large as himself, and this he handed over to the other,
saying, in a solemn tone, ‘For the Duchess. An invitation from the Queen
to play croquet.’ The Frog-Footman repeated, in the same solemn tone,
only changing the order of the words a little, ‘From the Queen. An
invitation for the Duchess to play croquet.’

Then they both bowed low, and their curls got entangled together.

Alice laughed so much at this, that she had to run back into the
wood for fear of their hearing her; and when she next peeped out the
Fish-Footman was gone, and the other was sitting on the ground near the
door, staring stupidly up into the sky.

Alice went timidly up to the door, and knocked.

‘There’s no sort of use in knocking,’ said the Footman, ‘and that for
two reasons. First, because I’m on the same side of the door as you
are; secondly, because they’re making such a noise inside, no one could
possibly hear you.’ And certainly there was a most extraordinary noise
going on within--a constant howling and sneezing, and every now and then
a great crash, as if a dish or kettle had been broken to pieces.

‘Please, then,’ said Alice, ‘how am I to get in?’

‘There might be some sense in your knocking,’ the Footman went on
without attending to her, ‘if we had the door between us. For instance,
if you were INSIDE, you might knock, and I could let you out, you know.’
He was looking up into the sky all the time he was speaking, and this
Alice thought decidedly uncivil. ‘But perhaps he can’t help it,’ she
said to herself; ‘his eyes are so VERY nearly at the top of his head.
But at any rate he might answer questions.--How am I to get in?’ she
repeated, aloud.

‘I shall sit here,’ the Footman remarked, ‘till tomorrow--’

At this moment the door of the house opened, and a large plate came
skimming out, straight at the Footman’s head: it just grazed his nose,
and broke to pieces against one of the trees behind him.

‘--or next day, maybe,’ the Footman continued in the same tone, exactly
as if nothing had happened.

‘How am I to get in?’ asked Alice again, in a louder tone.

‘ARE you to get in at all?’ said the Footman. ‘That’s the first
question, you know.’

It was, no doubt: only Alice did not like to be told so. ‘It’s really
dreadful,’ she muttered to herself, ‘the way all the creatures argue.
It’s enough to drive one crazy!’

The Footman seemed to think this a good opportunity for repeating his
remark, with variations. ‘I shall sit here,’ he said, ‘on and off, for
days and days.’

‘But what am I to do?’ said Alice.

‘Anything you like,’ said the Footman, and began whistling.

‘Oh, there’s no use in talking to him,’ said Alice desperately: ‘he’s
perfectly idiotic!’ And she opened the door and went in.

The door led right into a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from
one end to the other: the Duchess was sitting on a three-legged stool in
the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was leaning over the fire, stirring
a large cauldron which seemed to be full of soup.

‘There’s certainly too much pepper in that soup!’ Alice said to herself,
as well as she could for sneezing.

There was certainly too much of it in the air. Even the Duchess
sneezed occasionally; and as for the baby, it was sneezing and howling
alternately without a moment’s pause. The only things in the kitchen
that did not sneeze, were the cook, and a large cat which was sitting on
the hearth and grinning from ear to ear.

‘Please would you tell me,’ said Alice, a little timidly, for she was
not quite sure whether it was good manners for her to speak first, ‘why
your cat grins like that?’

‘It’s a Cheshire cat,’ said the Duchess, ‘and that’s why. Pig!’

She said the last word with such sudden violence that Alice quite
jumped; but she saw in another moment that it was addressed to the baby,
and not to her, so she took courage, and went on again:--

‘I didn’t know that Cheshire cats always grinned; in fact, I didn’t know
that cats COULD grin.’

‘They all can,’ said the Duchess; ‘and most of ‘em do.’

‘I don’t know of any that do,’ Alice said very politely, feeling quite
pleased to have got into a conversation.

‘You don’t know much,’ said the Duchess; ‘and that’s a fact.’

Alice did not at all like the tone of this remark, and thought it would
be as well to introduce some other subject of conversation. While she
was trying to fix on one, the cook took the cauldron of soup off the
fire, and at once set to work throwing everything within her reach at
the Duchess and the baby--the fire-irons came first; then followed a
shower of saucepans, plates, and dishes. The Duchess took no notice of
them even when they hit her; and the baby was howling so much already,
that it was quite impossible to say whether the blows hurt it or not.

‘Oh, PLEASE mind what you’re doing!’ cried Alice, jumping up and down in
an agony of terror. ‘Oh, there goes his PRECIOUS nose’; as an unusually
large saucepan flew close by it, and very nearly carried it off.

‘If everybody minded their own business,’ the Duchess said in a hoarse
growl, ‘the world would go round a deal faster than it does.’

‘Which would NOT be an advantage,’ said Alice, who felt very glad to get
an opportunity of showing off a little of her knowledge. ‘Just think of
what work it would make with the day and night! You see the earth takes
twenty-four hours to turn round on its axis--’

‘Talking of axes,’ said the Duchess, ‘chop off her head!’

Alice glanced rather anxiously at the cook, to see if she meant to take
the hint; but the cook was busily stirring the soup, and seemed not to
be listening, so she went on again: ‘Twenty-four hours, I THINK; or is
it twelve? I--’

‘Oh, don’t bother ME,’ said the Duchess; ‘I never could abide figures!’
And with that she began nursing her child again, singing a sort of
lullaby to it as she did so, and giving it a violent shake at the end of
every line:

   ‘Speak roughly to your little boy,
    And beat him when he sneezes:
   He only does it to annoy,
    Because he knows it teases.’

         CHORUS.

 (In which the cook and the baby joined):--

       ‘Wow! wow! wow!’

While the Duchess sang the second verse of the song, she kept tossing
the baby violently up and down, and the poor little thing howled so,
that Alice could hardly hear the words:--

   ‘I speak severely to my boy,
    I beat him when he sneezes;
   For he can thoroughly enjoy
    The pepper when he pleases!’

         CHORUS.

       ‘Wow! wow! wow!’

‘Here! you may nurse it a bit, if you like!’ the Duchess said to Alice,
flinging the baby at her as she spoke. ‘I must go and get ready to play
croquet with the Queen,’ and she hurried out of the room. The cook threw
a frying-pan after her as she went out, but it just missed her.

Alice caught the baby with some difficulty, as it was a queer-shaped
little creature, and held out its arms and legs in all directions, ‘just
like a star-fish,’ thought Alice. The poor little thing was snorting
like a steam-engine when she caught it, and kept doubling itself up and
straightening itself out again, so that altogether, for the first minute
or two, it was as much as she could do to hold it.

As soon as she had made out the proper way of nursing it, (which was to
twist it up into a sort of knot, and then keep tight hold of its right
ear and left foot, so as to prevent its undoing itself,) she carried
it out into the open air. ‘IF I don’t take this child away with me,’
thought Alice, ‘they’re sure to kill it in a day or two: wouldn’t it be
murder to leave it behind?’ She said the last words out loud, and the
little thing grunted in reply (it had left off sneezing by this time).
‘Don’t grunt,’ said Alice; ‘that’s not at all a proper way of expressing
yourself.’

The baby grunted again, and Alice looked very anxiously into its face to
see what was the matter with it. There could be no doubt that it had
a VERY turn-up nose, much more like a snout than a real nose; also its
eyes were getting extremely small for a baby: altogether Alice did not
like the look of the thing at all. ‘But perhaps it was only sobbing,’
she thought, and looked into its eyes again, to see if there were any
tears.

No, there were no tears. ‘If you’re going to turn into a pig, my dear,’
said Alice, seriously, ‘I’ll have nothing more to do with you. Mind
now!’ The poor little thing sobbed again (or grunted, it was impossible
to say which), and they went on for some while in silence.

Alice was just beginning to think to herself, ‘Now, what am I to do with
this creature when I get it home?’ when it grunted again, so violently,
that she looked down into its face in some alarm. This time there could
be NO mistake about it: it was neither more nor less than a pig, and she
felt that it would be quite absurd for her to carry it further.

So she set the little creature down, and felt quite relieved to see
it trot away quietly into the wood. ‘If it had grown up,’ she said
to herself, ‘it would have made a dreadfully ugly child: but it makes
rather a handsome pig, I think.’ And she began thinking over other
children she knew, who might do very well as pigs, and was just saying
to herself, ‘if one only knew the right way to change them--’ when she
was a little startled by seeing the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of a
tree a few yards off.

The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice. It looked good-natured, she
thought: still it had VERY long claws and a great many teeth, so she
felt that it ought to be treated with respect.

‘Cheshire Puss,’ she began, rather timidly, as she did not at all know
whether it would like the name: however, it only grinned a little wider.
‘Come, it’s pleased so far,’ thought Alice, and she went on. ‘Would you
tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?’

‘That depends a good deal on where you want to get to,’ said the Cat.

‘I don’t much care where--’ said Alice.

‘Then it doesn’t matter which way you go,’ said the Cat.

‘--so long as I get SOMEWHERE,’ Alice added as an explanation.

‘Oh, you’re sure to do that,’ said the Cat, ‘if you only walk long
enough.’

Alice felt that this could not be denied, so she tried another question.
‘What sort of people live about here?’

‘In THAT direction,’ the Cat said, waving its right paw round, ‘lives
a Hatter: and in THAT direction,’ waving the other paw, ‘lives a March
Hare. Visit either you like: they’re both mad.’

‘But I don’t want to go among mad people,’ Alice remarked.

‘Oh, you can’t help that,’ said the Cat: ‘we’re all mad here. I’m mad.
You’re mad.’

‘How do you know I’m mad?’ said Alice.

‘You must be,’ said the Cat, ‘or you wouldn’t have come here.’

Alice didn’t think that proved it at all; however, she went on ‘And how
do you know that you’re mad?’

‘To begin with,’ said the Cat, ‘a dog’s not mad. You grant that?’

‘I suppose so,’ said Alice.

‘Well, then,’ the Cat went on, ‘you see, a dog growls when it’s angry,
and wags its tail when it’s pleased. Now I growl when I’m pleased, and
wag my tail when I’m angry. Therefore I’m mad.’

‘I call it purring, not growling,’ said Alice.

‘Call it what you like,’ said the Cat. ‘Do you play croquet with the
Queen to-day?’

‘I should like it very much,’ said Alice, ‘but I haven’t been invited
yet.’

‘You’ll see me there,’ said the Cat, and vanished.

Alice was not much surprised at this, she was getting so used to queer
things happening. While she was looking at the place where it had been,
it suddenly appeared again.

‘By-the-bye, what became of the baby?’ said the Cat. ‘I’d nearly
forgotten to ask.’

‘It turned into a pig,’ Alice quietly said, just as if it had come back
in a natural way.

‘I thought it would,’ said the Cat, and vanished again.

Alice waited a little, half expecting to see it again, but it did not
appear, and after a minute or two she walked on in the direction in
which the March Hare was said to live. ‘I’ve seen hatters before,’ she
said to herself; ‘the March Hare will be much the most interesting, and
perhaps as this is May it won’t be raving mad--at least not so mad as
it was in March.’ As she said this, she looked up, and there was the Cat
again, sitting on a branch of a tree.

‘Did you say pig, or fig?’ said the Cat.

‘I said pig,’ replied Alice; ‘and I wish you wouldn’t keep appearing and
vanishing so suddenly: you make one quite giddy.’

‘All right,’ said the Cat; and this time it vanished quite slowly,
beginning with the end of the tail, and ending with the grin, which
remained some time after the rest of it had gone.

‘Well! I’ve often seen a cat without a grin,’ thought Alice; ‘but a grin
without a cat! It’s the most curious thing I ever saw in my life!’

She had not gone much farther before she came in sight of the house
of the March Hare: she thought it must be the right house, because the
chimneys were shaped like ears and the roof was thatched with fur. It
was so large a house, that she did not like to go nearer till she had
nibbled some more of the lefthand bit of mushroom, and raised herself to
about two feet high: even then she walked up towards it rather timidly,
saying to herself ‘Suppose it should be raving mad after all! I almost
wish I’d gone to see the Hatter instead!’




CHAPTER VII. A Mad Tea-Party

There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house, and the
March Hare and the Hatter were having tea at it: a Dormouse was sitting
between them, fast asleep, and the other two were using it as a
cushion, resting their elbows on it, and talking over its head. ‘Very
uncomfortable for the Dormouse,’ thought Alice; ‘only, as it’s asleep, I
suppose it doesn’t mind.’

The table was a large one, but the three were all crowded together at
one corner of it: ‘No room! No room!’ they cried out when they saw Alice
coming. ‘There’s PLENTY of room!’ said Alice indignantly, and she sat
down in a large arm-chair at one end of the table.

‘Have some wine,’ the March Hare said in an encouraging tone.

Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it but tea.
‘I don’t see any wine,’ she remarked.

‘There isn’t any,’ said the March Hare.

‘Then it wasn’t very civil of you to offer it,’ said Alice angrily.

‘It wasn’t very civil of you to sit down without being invited,’ said
the March Hare.

‘I didn’t know it was YOUR table,’ said Alice; ‘it’s laid for a great
many more than three.’

‘Your hair wants cutting,’ said the Hatter. He had been looking at Alice
for some time with great curiosity, and this was his first speech.

‘You should learn not to make personal remarks,’ Alice said with some
severity; ‘it’s very rude.’

The Hatter opened his eyes very wide on hearing this; but all he SAID
was, ‘Why is a raven like a writing-desk?’

‘Come, we shall have some fun now!’ thought Alice. ‘I’m glad they’ve
begun asking riddles.--I believe I can guess that,’ she added aloud.

‘Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?’ said the
March Hare.

‘Exactly so,’ said Alice.

‘Then you should say what you mean,’ the March Hare went on.

‘I do,’ Alice hastily replied; ‘at least--at least I mean what I
say--that’s the same thing, you know.’

‘Not the same thing a bit!’ said the Hatter. ‘You might just as well say
that “I see what I eat” is the same thing as “I eat what I see”!’

‘You might just as well say,’ added the March Hare, ‘that “I like what I
get” is the same thing as “I get what I like”!’

‘You might just as well say,’ added the Dormouse, who seemed to be
talking in his sleep, ‘that “I breathe when I sleep” is the same thing
as “I sleep when I breathe”!’

‘It IS the same thing with you,’ said the Hatter, and here the
conversation dropped, and the party sat silent for a minute, while Alice
thought over all she could remember about ravens and writing-desks,
which wasn’t much.

The Hatter was the first to break the silence. ‘What day of the month
is it?’ he said, turning to Alice: he had taken his watch out of his
pocket, and was looking at it uneasily, shaking it every now and then,
and holding it to his ear.

Alice considered a little, and then said ‘The fourth.’

‘Two days wrong!’ sighed the Hatter. ‘I told you butter wouldn’t suit
the works!’ he added looking angrily at the March Hare.

‘It was the BEST butter,’ the March Hare meekly replied.

‘Yes, but some crumbs must have got in as well,’ the Hatter grumbled:
‘you shouldn’t have put it in with the bread-knife.’

The March Hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily: then he dipped
it into his cup of tea, and looked at it again: but he could think of
nothing better to say than his first remark, ‘It was the BEST butter,
you know.’

Alice had been looking over his shoulder with some curiosity. ‘What a
funny watch!’ she remarked. ‘It tells the day of the month, and doesn’t
tell what o’clock it is!’

‘Why should it?’ muttered the Hatter. ‘Does YOUR watch tell you what
year it is?’

‘Of course not,’ Alice replied very readily: ‘but that’s because it
stays the same year for such a long time together.’

‘Which is just the case with MINE,’ said the Hatter.

Alice felt dreadfully puzzled. The Hatter’s remark seemed to have no
sort of meaning in it, and yet it was certainly English. ‘I don’t quite
understand you,’ she said, as politely as she could.

‘The Dormouse is asleep again,’ said the Hatter, and he poured a little
hot tea upon its nose.

The Dormouse shook its head impatiently, and said, without opening its
eyes, ‘Of course, of course; just what I was going to remark myself.’

‘Have you guessed the riddle yet?’ the Hatter said, turning to Alice
again.

‘No, I give it up,’ Alice replied: ‘what’s the answer?’

‘I haven’t the slightest idea,’ said the Hatter.

‘Nor I,’ said the March Hare.

Alice sighed wearily. ‘I think you might do something better with the
time,’ she said, ‘than waste it in asking riddles that have no answers.’

‘If you knew Time as well as I do,’ said the Hatter, ‘you wouldn’t talk
about wasting IT. It’s HIM.’

‘I don’t know what you mean,’ said Alice.

‘Of course you don’t!’ the Hatter said, tossing his head contemptuously.
‘I dare say you never even spoke to Time!’

‘Perhaps not,’ Alice cautiously replied: ‘but I know I have to beat time
when I learn music.’

‘Ah! that accounts for it,’ said the Hatter. ‘He won’t stand beating.
Now, if you only kept on good terms with him, he’d do almost anything
you liked with the clock. For instance, suppose it were nine o’clock in
the morning, just time to begin lessons: you’d only have to whisper a
hint to Time, and round goes the clock in a twinkling! Half-past one,
time for dinner!’

[‘I only wish it was,’ the March Hare said to itself in a whisper.)

‘That would be grand, certainly,’ said Alice thoughtfully: ‘but then--I
shouldn’t be hungry for it, you know.’

‘Not at first, perhaps,’ said the Hatter: ‘but you could keep it to
half-past one as long as you liked.’

‘Is that the way YOU manage?’ Alice asked.

The Hatter shook his head mournfully. ‘Not I!’ he replied. ‘We
quarrelled last March--just before HE went mad, you know--’ (pointing
with his tea spoon at the March Hare,) ‘--it was at the great concert
given by the Queen of Hearts, and I had to sing

     “Twinkle, twinkle, little bat!
     How I wonder what you’re at!”

You know the song, perhaps?’

‘I’ve heard something like it,’ said Alice.

‘It goes on, you know,’ the Hatter continued, ‘in this way:--

     “Up above the world you fly,
     Like a tea-tray in the sky.
         Twinkle, twinkle--“’

Here the Dormouse shook itself, and began singing in its sleep ‘Twinkle,
twinkle, twinkle, twinkle--’ and went on so long that they had to pinch
it to make it stop.

‘Well, I’d hardly finished the first verse,’ said the Hatter, ‘when the
Queen jumped up and bawled out, “He’s murdering the time! Off with his
head!”’

‘How dreadfully savage!’ exclaimed Alice.

‘And ever since that,’ the Hatter went on in a mournful tone, ‘he won’t
do a thing I ask! It’s always six o’clock now.’

A bright idea came into Alice’s head. ‘Is that the reason so many
tea-things are put out here?’ she asked.

‘Yes, that’s it,’ said the Hatter with a sigh: ‘it’s always tea-time,
and we’ve no time to wash the things between whiles.’

‘Then you keep moving round, I suppose?’ said Alice.

‘Exactly so,’ said the Hatter: ‘as the things get used up.’

‘But what happens when you come to the beginning again?’ Alice ventured
to ask.

‘Suppose we change the subject,’ the March Hare interrupted, yawning.
‘I’m getting tired of this. I vote the young lady tells us a story.’

‘I’m afraid I don’t know one,’ said Alice, rather alarmed at the
proposal.

‘Then the Dormouse shall!’ they both cried. ‘Wake up, Dormouse!’ And
they pinched it on both sides at once.

The Dormouse slowly opened his eyes. ‘I wasn’t asleep,’ he said in a
hoarse, feeble voice: ‘I heard every word you fellows were saying.’

‘Tell us a story!’ said the March Hare.

‘Yes, please do!’ pleaded Alice.

‘And be quick about it,’ added the Hatter, ‘or you’ll be asleep again
before it’s done.’

‘Once upon a time there were three little sisters,’ the Dormouse began
in a great hurry; ‘and their names were Elsie, Lacie, and Tillie; and
they lived at the bottom of a well--’

‘What did they live on?’ said Alice, who always took a great interest in
questions of eating and drinking.

‘They lived on treacle,’ said the Dormouse, after thinking a minute or
two.

‘They couldn’t have done that, you know,’ Alice gently remarked; ‘they’d
have been ill.’

‘So they were,’ said the Dormouse; ‘VERY ill.’

Alice tried to fancy to herself what such an extraordinary ways of
living would be like, but it puzzled her too much, so she went on: ‘But
why did they live at the bottom of a well?’

‘Take some more tea,’ the March Hare said to Alice, very earnestly.

‘I’ve had nothing yet,’ Alice replied in an offended tone, ‘so I can’t
take more.’

‘You mean you can’t take LESS,’ said the Hatter: ‘it’s very easy to take
MORE than nothing.’

‘Nobody asked YOUR opinion,’ said Alice.

‘Who’s making personal remarks now?’ the Hatter asked triumphantly.

Alice did not quite know what to say to this: so she helped herself
to some tea and bread-and-butter, and then turned to the Dormouse, and
repeated her question. ‘Why did they live at the bottom of a well?’

The Dormouse again took a minute or two to think about it, and then
said, ‘It was a treacle-well.’

‘There’s no such thing!’ Alice was beginning very angrily, but the
Hatter and the March Hare went ‘Sh! sh!’ and the Dormouse sulkily
remarked, ‘If you can’t be civil, you’d better finish the story for
yourself.’

‘No, please go on!’ Alice said very humbly; ‘I won’t interrupt again. I
dare say there may be ONE.’

‘One, indeed!’ said the Dormouse indignantly. However, he consented to
go on. ‘And so these three little sisters--they were learning to draw,
you know--’

‘What did they draw?’ said Alice, quite forgetting her promise.

‘Treacle,’ said the Dormouse, without considering at all this time.

‘I want a clean cup,’ interrupted the Hatter: ‘let’s all move one place
on.’

He moved on as he spoke, and the Dormouse followed him: the March Hare
moved into the Dormouse’s place, and Alice rather unwillingly took
the place of the March Hare. The Hatter was the only one who got any
advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than
before, as the March Hare had just upset the milk-jug into his plate.

Alice did not wish to offend the Dormouse again, so she began very
cautiously: ‘But I don’t understand. Where did they draw the treacle
from?’

‘You can draw water out of a water-well,’ said the Hatter; ‘so I should
think you could draw treacle out of a treacle-well--eh, stupid?’

‘But they were IN the well,’ Alice said to the Dormouse, not choosing to
notice this last remark.

‘Of course they were’, said the Dormouse; ‘--well in.’

This answer so confused poor Alice, that she let the Dormouse go on for
some time without interrupting it.

‘They were learning to draw,’ the Dormouse went on, yawning and rubbing
its eyes, for it was getting very sleepy; ‘and they drew all manner of
things--everything that begins with an M--’

‘Why with an M?’ said Alice.

‘Why not?’ said the March Hare.

Alice was silent.

The Dormouse had closed its eyes by this time, and was going off into
a doze; but, on being pinched by the Hatter, it woke up again with
a little shriek, and went on: ‘--that begins with an M, such as
mouse-traps, and the moon, and memory, and muchness--you know you say
things are “much of a muchness”--did you ever see such a thing as a
drawing of a muchness?’

‘Really, now you ask me,’ said Alice, very much confused, ‘I don’t
think--’

‘Then you shouldn’t talk,’ said the Hatter.

This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: she got up in
great disgust, and walked off; the Dormouse fell asleep instantly, and
neither of the others took the least notice of her going, though she
looked back once or twice, half hoping that they would call after her:
the last time she saw them, they were trying to put the Dormouse into
the teapot.

‘At any rate I’ll never go THERE again!’ said Alice as she picked her
way through the wood. ‘It’s the stupidest tea-party I ever was at in all
my life!’

Just as she said this, she noticed that one of the trees had a door
leading right into it. ‘That’s very curious!’ she thought. ‘But
everything’s curious today. I think I may as well go in at once.’ And in
she went.

Once more she found herself in the long hall, and close to the little
glass table. ‘Now, I’ll manage better this time,’ she said to herself,
and began by taking the little golden key, and unlocking the door that
led into the garden. Then she went to work nibbling at the mushroom (she
had kept a piece of it in her pocket) till she was about a foot high:
then she walked down the little passage: and THEN--she found herself at
last in the beautiful garden, among the bright flower-beds and the cool
fountains.




CHAPTER VIII. The Queen’s Croquet-Ground

A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden: the roses
growing on it were white, but there were three gardeners at it, busily
painting them red. Alice thought this a very curious thing, and she went
nearer to watch them, and just as she came up to them she heard one of
them say, ‘Look out now, Five! Don’t go splashing paint over me like
that!’

‘I couldn’t help it,’ said Five, in a sulky tone; ‘Seven jogged my
elbow.’

On which Seven looked up and said, ‘That’s right, Five! Always lay the
blame on others!’

‘YOU’D better not talk!’ said Five. ‘I heard the Queen say only
yesterday you deserved to be beheaded!’

‘What for?’ said the one who had spoken first.

‘That’s none of YOUR business, Two!’ said Seven.

‘Yes, it IS his business!’ said Five, ‘and I’ll tell him--it was for
bringing the cook tulip-roots instead of onions.’

Seven flung down his brush, and had just begun ‘Well, of all the unjust
things--’ when his eye chanced to fall upon Alice, as she stood watching
them, and he checked himself suddenly: the others looked round also, and
all of them bowed low.

‘Would you tell me,’ said Alice, a little timidly, ‘why you are painting
those roses?’

Five and Seven said nothing, but looked at Two. Two began in a low
voice, ‘Why the fact is, you see, Miss, this here ought to have been a
RED rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake; and if the Queen
was to find it out, we should all have our heads cut off, you know.
So you see, Miss, we’re doing our best, afore she comes, to--’ At this
moment Five, who had been anxiously looking across the garden, called
out ‘The Queen! The Queen!’ and the three gardeners instantly threw
themselves flat upon their faces. There was a sound of many footsteps,
and Alice looked round, eager to see the Queen.

First came ten soldiers carrying clubs; these were all shaped like
the three gardeners, oblong and flat, with their hands and feet at the
corners: next the ten courtiers; these were ornamented all over with
diamonds, and walked two and two, as the soldiers did. After these came
the royal children; there were ten of them, and the little dears came
jumping merrily along hand in hand, in couples: they were all ornamented
with hearts. Next came the guests, mostly Kings and Queens, and among
them Alice recognised the White Rabbit: it was talking in a hurried
nervous manner, smiling at everything that was said, and went by without
noticing her. Then followed the Knave of Hearts, carrying the King’s
crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and, last of all this grand
procession, came THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS.

Alice was rather doubtful whether she ought not to lie down on her face
like the three gardeners, but she could not remember ever having heard
of such a rule at processions; ‘and besides, what would be the use of
a procession,’ thought she, ‘if people had all to lie down upon their
faces, so that they couldn’t see it?’ So she stood still where she was,
and waited.

When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and looked
at her, and the Queen said severely ‘Who is this?’ She said it to the
Knave of Hearts, who only bowed and smiled in reply.

‘Idiot!’ said the Queen, tossing her head impatiently; and, turning to
Alice, she went on, ‘What’s your name, child?’

‘My name is Alice, so please your Majesty,’ said Alice very politely;
but she added, to herself, ‘Why, they’re only a pack of cards, after
all. I needn’t be afraid of them!’

‘And who are THESE?’ said the Queen, pointing to the three gardeners who
were lying round the rosetree; for, you see, as they were lying on their
faces, and the pattern on their backs was the same as the rest of the
pack, she could not tell whether they were gardeners, or soldiers, or
courtiers, or three of her own children.

‘How should I know?’ said Alice, surprised at her own courage. ‘It’s no
business of MINE.’

The Queen turned crimson with fury, and, after glaring at her for a
moment like a wild beast, screamed ‘Off with her head! Off--’

‘Nonsense!’ said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the Queen was
silent.

The King laid his hand upon her arm, and timidly said ‘Consider, my
dear: she is only a child!’

The Queen turned angrily away from him, and said to the Knave ‘Turn them
over!’

The Knave did so, very carefully, with one foot.

‘Get up!’ said the Queen, in a shrill, loud voice, and the three
gardeners instantly jumped up, and began bowing to the King, the Queen,
the royal children, and everybody else.

‘Leave off that!’ screamed the Queen. ‘You make me giddy.’ And then,
turning to the rose-tree, she went on, ‘What HAVE you been doing here?’

‘May it please your Majesty,’ said Two, in a very humble tone, going
down on one knee as he spoke, ‘we were trying--’

‘I see!’ said the Queen, who had meanwhile been examining the roses.
‘Off with their heads!’ and the procession moved on, three of the
soldiers remaining behind to execute the unfortunate gardeners, who ran
to Alice for protection.

‘You shan’t be beheaded!’ said Alice, and she put them into a large
flower-pot that stood near. The three soldiers wandered about for a
minute or two, looking for them, and then quietly marched off after the
others.

‘Are their heads off?’ shouted the Queen.

‘Their heads are gone, if it please your Majesty!’ the soldiers shouted
in reply.

‘That’s right!’ shouted the Queen. ‘Can you play croquet?’

The soldiers were silent, and looked at Alice, as the question was
evidently meant for her.

‘Yes!’ shouted Alice.

‘Come on, then!’ roared the Queen, and Alice joined the procession,
wondering very much what would happen next.

‘It’s--it’s a very fine day!’ said a timid voice at her side. She was
walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.

‘Very,’ said Alice: ‘--where’s the Duchess?’

‘Hush! Hush!’ said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone. He looked
anxiously over his shoulder as he spoke, and then raised himself upon
tiptoe, put his mouth close to her ear, and whispered ‘She’s under
sentence of execution.’

‘What for?’ said Alice.

‘Did you say “What a pity!”?’ the Rabbit asked.

‘No, I didn’t,’ said Alice: ‘I don’t think it’s at all a pity. I said
“What for?”’

‘She boxed the Queen’s ears--’ the Rabbit began. Alice gave a little
scream of laughter. ‘Oh, hush!’ the Rabbit whispered in a frightened
tone. ‘The Queen will hear you! You see, she came rather late, and the
Queen said--’

‘Get to your places!’ shouted the Queen in a voice of thunder, and
people began running about in all directions, tumbling up against each
other; however, they got settled down in a minute or two, and the game
began. Alice thought she had never seen such a curious croquet-ground in
her life; it was all ridges and furrows; the balls were live hedgehogs,
the mallets live flamingoes, and the soldiers had to double themselves
up and to stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.

The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her flamingo:
she succeeded in getting its body tucked away, comfortably enough, under
her arm, with its legs hanging down, but generally, just as she had got
its neck nicely straightened out, and was going to give the hedgehog a
blow with its head, it WOULD twist itself round and look up in her face,
with such a puzzled expression that she could not help bursting out
laughing: and when she had got its head down, and was going to begin
again, it was very provoking to find that the hedgehog had unrolled
itself, and was in the act of crawling away: besides all this, there was
generally a ridge or furrow in the way wherever she wanted to send the
hedgehog to, and, as the doubled-up soldiers were always getting up
and walking off to other parts of the ground, Alice soon came to the
conclusion that it was a very difficult game indeed.

The players all played at once without waiting for turns, quarrelling
all the while, and fighting for the hedgehogs; and in a very short
time the Queen was in a furious passion, and went stamping about, and
shouting ‘Off with his head!’ or ‘Off with her head!’ about once in a
minute.

Alice began to feel very uneasy: to be sure, she had not as yet had any
dispute with the Queen, but she knew that it might happen any minute,
‘and then,’ thought she, ‘what would become of me? They’re dreadfully
fond of beheading people here; the great wonder is, that there’s any one
left alive!’

She was looking about for some way of escape, and wondering whether she
could get away without being seen, when she noticed a curious appearance
in the air: it puzzled her very much at first, but, after watching it
a minute or two, she made it out to be a grin, and she said to herself
‘It’s the Cheshire Cat: now I shall have somebody to talk to.’

‘How are you getting on?’ said the Cat, as soon as there was mouth
enough for it to speak with.

Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded. ‘It’s no use
speaking to it,’ she thought, ‘till its ears have come, or at least one
of them.’ In another minute the whole head appeared, and then Alice put
down her flamingo, and began an account of the game, feeling very glad
she had someone to listen to her. The Cat seemed to think that there was
enough of it now in sight, and no more of it appeared.

‘I don’t think they play at all fairly,’ Alice began, in rather a
complaining tone, ‘and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can’t hear
oneself speak--and they don’t seem to have any rules in particular;
at least, if there are, nobody attends to them--and you’ve no idea how
confusing it is all the things being alive; for instance, there’s the
arch I’ve got to go through next walking about at the other end of the
ground--and I should have croqueted the Queen’s hedgehog just now, only
it ran away when it saw mine coming!’

‘How do you like the Queen?’ said the Cat in a low voice.

‘Not at all,’ said Alice: ‘she’s so extremely--’ Just then she noticed
that the Queen was close behind her, listening: so she went on,
‘--likely to win, that it’s hardly worth while finishing the game.’

The Queen smiled and passed on.

‘Who ARE you talking to?’ said the King, going up to Alice, and looking
at the Cat’s head with great curiosity.

‘It’s a friend of mine--a Cheshire Cat,’ said Alice: ‘allow me to
introduce it.’

‘I don’t like the look of it at all,’ said the King: ‘however, it may
kiss my hand if it likes.’

‘I’d rather not,’ the Cat remarked.

‘Don’t be impertinent,’ said the King, ‘and don’t look at me like that!’
He got behind Alice as he spoke.

‘A cat may look at a king,’ said Alice. ‘I’ve read that in some book,
but I don’t remember where.’

‘Well, it must be removed,’ said the King very decidedly, and he called
the Queen, who was passing at the moment, ‘My dear! I wish you would
have this cat removed!’

The Queen had only one way of settling all difficulties, great or small.
‘Off with his head!’ she said, without even looking round.

‘I’ll fetch the executioner myself,’ said the King eagerly, and he
hurried off.

Alice thought she might as well go back, and see how the game was going
on, as she heard the Queen’s voice in the distance, screaming with
passion. She had already heard her sentence three of the players to be
executed for having missed their turns, and she did not like the look
of things at all, as the game was in such confusion that she never knew
whether it was her turn or not. So she went in search of her hedgehog.

The hedgehog was engaged in a fight with another hedgehog, which seemed
to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one of them with the
other: the only difficulty was, that her flamingo was gone across to the
other side of the garden, where Alice could see it trying in a helpless
sort of way to fly up into a tree.

By the time she had caught the flamingo and brought it back, the fight
was over, and both the hedgehogs were out of sight: ‘but it doesn’t
matter much,’ thought Alice, ‘as all the arches are gone from this side
of the ground.’ So she tucked it away under her arm, that it might not
escape again, and went back for a little more conversation with her
friend.

When she got back to the Cheshire Cat, she was surprised to find quite a
large crowd collected round it: there was a dispute going on between
the executioner, the King, and the Queen, who were all talking at once,
while all the rest were quite silent, and looked very uncomfortable.

The moment Alice appeared, she was appealed to by all three to settle
the question, and they repeated their arguments to her, though, as they
all spoke at once, she found it very hard indeed to make out exactly
what they said.

The executioner’s argument was, that you couldn’t cut off a head unless
there was a body to cut it off from: that he had never had to do such a
thing before, and he wasn’t going to begin at HIS time of life.

The King’s argument was, that anything that had a head could be
beheaded, and that you weren’t to talk nonsense.

The Queen’s argument was, that if something wasn’t done about it in less
than no time she’d have everybody executed, all round. (It was this last
remark that had made the whole party look so grave and anxious.)

Alice could think of nothing else to say but ‘It belongs to the Duchess:
you’d better ask HER about it.’

‘She’s in prison,’ the Queen said to the executioner: ‘fetch her here.’
And the executioner went off like an arrow.

 The Cat’s head began fading away the moment he was gone, and,
by the time he had come back with the Duchess, it had entirely
disappeared; so the King and the executioner ran wildly up and down
looking for it, while the rest of the party went back to the game.




CHAPTER IX. The Mock Turtle’s Story

‘You can’t think how glad I am to see you again, you dear old thing!’
said the Duchess, as she tucked her arm affectionately into Alice’s, and
they walked off together.

Alice was very glad to find her in such a pleasant temper, and thought
to herself that perhaps it was only the pepper that had made her so
savage when they met in the kitchen.

‘When I’M a Duchess,’ she said to herself, (not in a very hopeful tone
though), ‘I won’t have any pepper in my kitchen AT ALL. Soup does very
well without--Maybe it’s always pepper that makes people hot-tempered,’
she went on, very much pleased at having found out a new kind of
rule, ‘and vinegar that makes them sour--and camomile that makes
them bitter--and--and barley-sugar and such things that make children
sweet-tempered. I only wish people knew that: then they wouldn’t be so
stingy about it, you know--’

She had quite forgotten the Duchess by this time, and was a little
startled when she heard her voice close to her ear. ‘You’re thinking
about something, my dear, and that makes you forget to talk. I can’t
tell you just now what the moral of that is, but I shall remember it in
a bit.’

‘Perhaps it hasn’t one,’ Alice ventured to remark.

‘Tut, tut, child!’ said the Duchess. ‘Everything’s got a moral, if only
you can find it.’ And she squeezed herself up closer to Alice’s side as
she spoke.

Alice did not much like keeping so close to her: first, because the
Duchess was VERY ugly; and secondly, because she was exactly the
right height to rest her chin upon Alice’s shoulder, and it was an
uncomfortably sharp chin. However, she did not like to be rude, so she
bore it as well as she could.

‘The game’s going on rather better now,’ she said, by way of keeping up
the conversation a little.

‘’Tis so,’ said the Duchess: ‘and the moral of that is--“Oh, ‘tis love,
‘tis love, that makes the world go round!”’

‘Somebody said,’ Alice whispered, ‘that it’s done by everybody minding
their own business!’

‘Ah, well! It means much the same thing,’ said the Duchess, digging her
sharp little chin into Alice’s shoulder as she added, ‘and the moral
of THAT is--“Take care of the sense, and the sounds will take care of
themselves.”’

‘How fond she is of finding morals in things!’ Alice thought to herself.

‘I dare say you’re wondering why I don’t put my arm round your waist,’
the Duchess said after a pause: ‘the reason is, that I’m doubtful about
the temper of your flamingo. Shall I try the experiment?’

‘HE might bite,’ Alice cautiously replied, not feeling at all anxious to
have the experiment tried.

‘Very true,’ said the Duchess: ‘flamingoes and mustard both bite. And
the moral of that is--“Birds of a feather flock together.”’

‘Only mustard isn’t a bird,’ Alice remarked.

‘Right, as usual,’ said the Duchess: ‘what a clear way you have of
putting things!’

‘It’s a mineral, I THINK,’ said Alice.

‘Of course it is,’ said the Duchess, who seemed ready to agree to
everything that Alice said; ‘there’s a large mustard-mine near here. And
the moral of that is--“The more there is of mine, the less there is of
yours.”’

‘Oh, I know!’ exclaimed Alice, who had not attended to this last remark,
‘it’s a vegetable. It doesn’t look like one, but it is.’

‘I quite agree with you,’ said the Duchess; ‘and the moral of that
is--“Be what you would seem to be”--or if you’d like it put more
simply--“Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might
appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise
than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise.”’

‘I think I should understand that better,’ Alice said very politely, ‘if
I had it written down: but I can’t quite follow it as you say it.’

‘That’s nothing to what I could say if I chose,’ the Duchess replied, in
a pleased tone.

‘Pray don’t trouble yourself to say it any longer than that,’ said
Alice.

‘Oh, don’t talk about trouble!’ said the Duchess. ‘I make you a present
of everything I’ve said as yet.’

‘A cheap sort of present!’ thought Alice. ‘I’m glad they don’t give
birthday presents like that!’ But she did not venture to say it out
loud.

‘Thinking again?’ the Duchess asked, with another dig of her sharp
little chin.

‘I’ve a right to think,’ said Alice sharply, for she was beginning to
feel a little worried.

‘Just about as much right,’ said the Duchess, ‘as pigs have to fly; and
the m--’

But here, to Alice’s great surprise, the Duchess’s voice died away, even
in the middle of her favourite word ‘moral,’ and the arm that was linked
into hers began to tremble. Alice looked up, and there stood the Queen
in front of them, with her arms folded, frowning like a thunderstorm.

‘A fine day, your Majesty!’ the Duchess began in a low, weak voice.

‘Now, I give you fair warning,’ shouted the Queen, stamping on the
ground as she spoke; ‘either you or your head must be off, and that in
about half no time! Take your choice!’

The Duchess took her choice, and was gone in a moment.

‘Let’s go on with the game,’ the Queen said to Alice; and Alice was
too much frightened to say a word, but slowly followed her back to the
croquet-ground.

The other guests had taken advantage of the Queen’s absence, and were
resting in the shade: however, the moment they saw her, they hurried
back to the game, the Queen merely remarking that a moment’s delay would
cost them their lives.

All the time they were playing the Queen never left off quarrelling with
the other players, and shouting ‘Off with his head!’ or ‘Off with her
head!’ Those whom she sentenced were taken into custody by the soldiers,
who of course had to leave off being arches to do this, so that by
the end of half an hour or so there were no arches left, and all the
players, except the King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody and
under sentence of execution.

Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to Alice, ‘Have
you seen the Mock Turtle yet?’

‘No,’ said Alice. ‘I don’t even know what a Mock Turtle is.’

‘It’s the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from,’ said the Queen.

‘I never saw one, or heard of one,’ said Alice.

‘Come on, then,’ said the Queen, ‘and he shall tell you his history,’

As they walked off together, Alice heard the King say in a low voice,
to the company generally, ‘You are all pardoned.’ ‘Come, THAT’S a good
thing!’ she said to herself, for she had felt quite unhappy at the
number of executions the Queen had ordered.

They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun.
(IF you don’t know what a Gryphon is, look at the picture.) ‘Up, lazy
thing!’ said the Queen, ‘and take this young lady to see the Mock
Turtle, and to hear his history. I must go back and see after some
executions I have ordered’; and she walked off, leaving Alice alone with
the Gryphon. Alice did not quite like the look of the creature, but on
the whole she thought it would be quite as safe to stay with it as to go
after that savage Queen: so she waited.

The Gryphon sat up and rubbed its eyes: then it watched the Queen till
she was out of sight: then it chuckled. ‘What fun!’ said the Gryphon,
half to itself, half to Alice.

‘What IS the fun?’ said Alice.

‘Why, SHE,’ said the Gryphon. ‘It’s all her fancy, that: they never
executes nobody, you know. Come on!’

‘Everybody says “come on!” here,’ thought Alice, as she went slowly
after it: ‘I never was so ordered about in all my life, never!’

They had not gone far before they saw the Mock Turtle in the distance,
sitting sad and lonely on a little ledge of rock, and, as they came
nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break. She
pitied him deeply. ‘What is his sorrow?’ she asked the Gryphon, and the
Gryphon answered, very nearly in the same words as before, ‘It’s all his
fancy, that: he hasn’t got no sorrow, you know. Come on!’

So they went up to the Mock Turtle, who looked at them with large eyes
full of tears, but said nothing.

‘This here young lady,’ said the Gryphon, ‘she wants for to know your
history, she do.’

‘I’ll tell it her,’ said the Mock Turtle in a deep, hollow tone: ‘sit
down, both of you, and don’t speak a word till I’ve finished.’

So they sat down, and nobody spoke for some minutes. Alice thought to
herself, ‘I don’t see how he can EVEN finish, if he doesn’t begin.’ But
she waited patiently.

‘Once,’ said the Mock Turtle at last, with a deep sigh, ‘I was a real
Turtle.’

These words were followed by a very long silence, broken only by an
occasional exclamation of ‘Hjckrrh!’ from the Gryphon, and the constant
heavy sobbing of the Mock Turtle. Alice was very nearly getting up and
saying, ‘Thank you, sir, for your interesting story,’ but she could
not help thinking there MUST be more to come, so she sat still and said
nothing.

‘When we were little,’ the Mock Turtle went on at last, more calmly,
though still sobbing a little now and then, ‘we went to school in the
sea. The master was an old Turtle--we used to call him Tortoise--’

‘Why did you call him Tortoise, if he wasn’t one?’ Alice asked.

‘We called him Tortoise because he taught us,’ said the Mock Turtle
angrily: ‘really you are very dull!’

‘You ought to be ashamed of yourself for asking such a simple question,’
added the Gryphon; and then they both sat silent and looked at poor
Alice, who felt ready to sink into the earth. At last the Gryphon said
to the Mock Turtle, ‘Drive on, old fellow! Don’t be all day about it!’
and he went on in these words:

‘Yes, we went to school in the sea, though you mayn’t believe it--’

‘I never said I didn’t!’ interrupted Alice.

‘You did,’ said the Mock Turtle.

‘Hold your tongue!’ added the Gryphon, before Alice could speak again.
The Mock Turtle went on.

‘We had the best of educations--in fact, we went to school every day--’

‘I’VE been to a day-school, too,’ said Alice; ‘you needn’t be so proud
as all that.’

‘With extras?’ asked the Mock Turtle a little anxiously.

‘Yes,’ said Alice, ‘we learned French and music.’

‘And washing?’ said the Mock Turtle.

‘Certainly not!’ said Alice indignantly.

‘Ah! then yours wasn’t a really good school,’ said the Mock Turtle in
a tone of great relief. ‘Now at OURS they had at the end of the bill,
“French, music, AND WASHING--extra.”’

‘You couldn’t have wanted it much,’ said Alice; ‘living at the bottom of
the sea.’

‘I couldn’t afford to learn it.’ said the Mock Turtle with a sigh. ‘I
only took the regular course.’

‘What was that?’ inquired Alice.

‘Reeling and Writhing, of course, to begin with,’ the Mock Turtle
replied; ‘and then the different branches of Arithmetic--Ambition,
Distraction, Uglification, and Derision.’

‘I never heard of “Uglification,”’ Alice ventured to say. ‘What is it?’

The Gryphon lifted up both its paws in surprise. ‘What! Never heard of
uglifying!’ it exclaimed. ‘You know what to beautify is, I suppose?’

‘Yes,’ said Alice doubtfully: ‘it means--to--make--anything--prettier.’

‘Well, then,’ the Gryphon went on, ‘if you don’t know what to uglify is,
you ARE a simpleton.’

Alice did not feel encouraged to ask any more questions about it, so she
turned to the Mock Turtle, and said ‘What else had you to learn?’

‘Well, there was Mystery,’ the Mock Turtle replied, counting off
the subjects on his flappers, ‘--Mystery, ancient and modern, with
Seaography: then Drawling--the Drawling-master was an old conger-eel,
that used to come once a week: HE taught us Drawling, Stretching, and
Fainting in Coils.’

‘What was THAT like?’ said Alice.

‘Well, I can’t show it you myself,’ the Mock Turtle said: ‘I’m too
stiff. And the Gryphon never learnt it.’

‘Hadn’t time,’ said the Gryphon: ‘I went to the Classics master, though.
He was an old crab, HE was.’

‘I never went to him,’ the Mock Turtle said with a sigh: ‘he taught
Laughing and Grief, they used to say.’

‘So he did, so he did,’ said the Gryphon, sighing in his turn; and both
creatures hid their faces in their paws.

‘And how many hours a day did you do lessons?’ said Alice, in a hurry to
change the subject.

‘Ten hours the first day,’ said the Mock Turtle: ‘nine the next, and so
on.’

‘What a curious plan!’ exclaimed Alice.

‘That’s the reason they’re called lessons,’ the Gryphon remarked:
‘because they lessen from day to day.’

This was quite a new idea to Alice, and she thought it over a little
before she made her next remark. ‘Then the eleventh day must have been a
holiday?’

‘Of course it was,’ said the Mock Turtle.

‘And how did you manage on the twelfth?’ Alice went on eagerly.

‘That’s enough about lessons,’ the Gryphon interrupted in a very decided
tone: ‘tell her something about the games now.’




CHAPTER X. The Lobster Quadrille

The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper across
his eyes. He looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for a minute or
two sobs choked his voice. ‘Same as if he had a bone in his throat,’
said the Gryphon: and it set to work shaking him and punching him in
the back. At last the Mock Turtle recovered his voice, and, with tears
running down his cheeks, he went on again:--

‘You may not have lived much under the sea--’ [‘I haven’t,’ said
Alice)--‘and perhaps you were never even introduced to a lobster--’
(Alice began to say ‘I once tasted--’ but checked herself hastily, and
said ‘No, never’) ‘--so you can have no idea what a delightful thing a
Lobster Quadrille is!’

‘No, indeed,’ said Alice. ‘What sort of a dance is it?’

‘Why,’ said the Gryphon, ‘you first form into a line along the
sea-shore--’

‘Two lines!’ cried the Mock Turtle. ‘Seals, turtles, salmon, and so on;
then, when you’ve cleared all the jelly-fish out of the way--’

‘THAT generally takes some time,’ interrupted the Gryphon.

‘--you advance twice--’

‘Each with a lobster as a partner!’ cried the Gryphon.

‘Of course,’ the Mock Turtle said: ‘advance twice, set to partners--’

‘--change lobsters, and retire in same order,’ continued the Gryphon.

‘Then, you know,’ the Mock Turtle went on, ‘you throw the--’

‘The lobsters!’ shouted the Gryphon, with a bound into the air.

‘--as far out to sea as you can--’

‘Swim after them!’ screamed the Gryphon.

‘Turn a somersault in the sea!’ cried the Mock Turtle, capering wildly
about.

‘Change lobsters again!’ yelled the Gryphon at the top of its voice.

‘Back to land again, and that’s all the first figure,’ said the Mock
Turtle, suddenly dropping his voice; and the two creatures, who had been
jumping about like mad things all this time, sat down again very sadly
and quietly, and looked at Alice.

‘It must be a very pretty dance,’ said Alice timidly.

‘Would you like to see a little of it?’ said the Mock Turtle.

‘Very much indeed,’ said Alice.

‘Come, let’s try the first figure!’ said the Mock Turtle to the Gryphon.
‘We can do without lobsters, you know. Which shall sing?’

‘Oh, YOU sing,’ said the Gryphon. ‘I’ve forgotten the words.’

So they began solemnly dancing round and round Alice, every now and
then treading on her toes when they passed too close, and waving their
forepaws to mark the time, while the Mock Turtle sang this, very slowly
and sadly:--

 ‘“Will you walk a little faster?” said a whiting to a snail.
 “There’s a porpoise close behind us, and he’s treading on my tail.

 See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!
 They are waiting on the shingle--will you come and join the dance?

 Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, will you join the dance?
 Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, won’t you join the dance?

 “You can really have no notion how delightful it will be
 When they take us up and throw us, with the lobsters, out to sea!”
  But the snail replied “Too far, too far!” and gave a look askance--
 Said he thanked the whiting kindly, but he would not join the dance.

 Would not, could not, would not, could not, would not join the dance.
 Would not, could not, would not, could not, could not join the dance.

 ‘“What matters it how far we go?” his scaly friend replied.
 “There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.
 The further off from England the nearer is to France--
 Then turn not pale, beloved snail, but come and join the dance.

 Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, will you join the dance?
 Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, won’t you join the dance?”’

‘Thank you, it’s a very interesting dance to watch,’ said Alice, feeling
very glad that it was over at last: ‘and I do so like that curious song
about the whiting!’

‘Oh, as to the whiting,’ said the Mock Turtle, ‘they--you’ve seen them,
of course?’

‘Yes,’ said Alice, ‘I’ve often seen them at dinn--’ she checked herself
hastily.

‘I don’t know where Dinn may be,’ said the Mock Turtle, ‘but if you’ve
seen them so often, of course you know what they’re like.’

‘I believe so,’ Alice replied thoughtfully. ‘They have their tails in
their mouths--and they’re all over crumbs.’

‘You’re wrong about the crumbs,’ said the Mock Turtle: ‘crumbs would all
wash off in the sea. But they HAVE their tails in their mouths; and the
reason is--’ here the Mock Turtle yawned and shut his eyes.--‘Tell her
about the reason and all that,’ he said to the Gryphon.

‘The reason is,’ said the Gryphon, ‘that they WOULD go with the lobsters
to the dance. So they got thrown out to sea. So they had to fall a long
way. So they got their tails fast in their mouths. So they couldn’t get
them out again. That’s all.’

‘Thank you,’ said Alice, ‘it’s very interesting. I never knew so much
about a whiting before.’

‘I can tell you more than that, if you like,’ said the Gryphon. ‘Do you
know why it’s called a whiting?’

‘I never thought about it,’ said Alice. ‘Why?’

‘IT DOES THE BOOTS AND SHOES.’ the Gryphon replied very solemnly.

Alice was thoroughly puzzled. ‘Does the boots and shoes!’ she repeated
in a wondering tone.

‘Why, what are YOUR shoes done with?’ said the Gryphon. ‘I mean, what
makes them so shiny?’

Alice looked down at them, and considered a little before she gave her
answer. ‘They’re done with blacking, I believe.’

‘Boots and shoes under the sea,’ the Gryphon went on in a deep voice,
‘are done with a whiting. Now you know.’

‘And what are they made of?’ Alice asked in a tone of great curiosity.

‘Soles and eels, of course,’ the Gryphon replied rather impatiently:
‘any shrimp could have told you that.’

‘If I’d been the whiting,’ said Alice, whose thoughts were still running
on the song, ‘I’d have said to the porpoise, “Keep back, please: we
don’t want YOU with us!”’

‘They were obliged to have him with them,’ the Mock Turtle said: ‘no
wise fish would go anywhere without a porpoise.’

‘Wouldn’t it really?’ said Alice in a tone of great surprise.

‘Of course not,’ said the Mock Turtle: ‘why, if a fish came to ME, and
told me he was going a journey, I should say “With what porpoise?”’

‘Don’t you mean “purpose”?’ said Alice.

‘I mean what I say,’ the Mock Turtle replied in an offended tone. And
the Gryphon added ‘Come, let’s hear some of YOUR adventures.’

‘I could tell you my adventures--beginning from this morning,’ said
Alice a little timidly: ‘but it’s no use going back to yesterday,
because I was a different person then.’

‘Explain all that,’ said the Mock Turtle.

‘No, no! The adventures first,’ said the Gryphon in an impatient tone:
‘explanations take such a dreadful time.’

So Alice began telling them her adventures from the time when she first
saw the White Rabbit. She was a little nervous about it just at first,
the two creatures got so close to her, one on each side, and opened
their eyes and mouths so VERY wide, but she gained courage as she went
on. Her listeners were perfectly quiet till she got to the part about
her repeating ‘YOU ARE OLD, FATHER WILLIAM,’ to the Caterpillar, and the
words all coming different, and then the Mock Turtle drew a long breath,
and said ‘That’s very curious.’

‘It’s all about as curious as it can be,’ said the Gryphon.

‘It all came different!’ the Mock Turtle repeated thoughtfully. ‘I
should like to hear her try and repeat something now. Tell her to
begin.’ He looked at the Gryphon as if he thought it had some kind of
authority over Alice.

‘Stand up and repeat “‘TIS THE VOICE OF THE SLUGGARD,”’ said the
Gryphon.

‘How the creatures order one about, and make one repeat lessons!’
thought Alice; ‘I might as well be at school at once.’ However, she
got up, and began to repeat it, but her head was so full of the Lobster
Quadrille, that she hardly knew what she was saying, and the words came
very queer indeed:--

  ‘’Tis the voice of the Lobster; I heard him declare,
  “You have baked me too brown, I must sugar my hair.”
   As a duck with its eyelids, so he with his nose
  Trims his belt and his buttons, and turns out his toes.’

       [later editions continued as follows
  When the sands are all dry, he is gay as a lark,
  And will talk in contemptuous tones of the Shark,
  But, when the tide rises and sharks are around,
  His voice has a timid and tremulous sound.]

‘That’s different from what I used to say when I was a child,’ said the
Gryphon.

‘Well, I never heard it before,’ said the Mock Turtle; ‘but it sounds
uncommon nonsense.’

Alice said nothing; she had sat down with her face in her hands,
wondering if anything would EVER happen in a natural way again.

‘I should like to have it explained,’ said the Mock Turtle.

‘She can’t explain it,’ said the Gryphon hastily. ‘Go on with the next
verse.’

‘But about his toes?’ the Mock Turtle persisted. ‘How COULD he turn them
out with his nose, you know?’

‘It’s the first position in dancing.’ Alice said; but was dreadfully
puzzled by the whole thing, and longed to change the subject.

‘Go on with the next verse,’ the Gryphon repeated impatiently: ‘it
begins “I passed by his garden.”’

Alice did not dare to disobey, though she felt sure it would all come
wrong, and she went on in a trembling voice:--

  ‘I passed by his garden, and marked, with one eye,
  How the Owl and the Panther were sharing a pie--’

    [later editions continued as follows
  The Panther took pie-crust, and gravy, and meat,
  While the Owl had the dish as its share of the treat.
  When the pie was all finished, the Owl, as a boon,
  Was kindly permitted to pocket the spoon:
  While the Panther received knife and fork with a growl,
  And concluded the banquet--]

‘What IS the use of repeating all that stuff,’ the Mock Turtle
interrupted, ‘if you don’t explain it as you go on? It’s by far the most
confusing thing I ever heard!’

‘Yes, I think you’d better leave off,’ said the Gryphon: and Alice was
only too glad to do so.

‘Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?’ the Gryphon went
on. ‘Or would you like the Mock Turtle to sing you a song?’

‘Oh, a song, please, if the Mock Turtle would be so kind,’ Alice
replied, so eagerly that the Gryphon said, in a rather offended tone,
‘Hm! No accounting for tastes! Sing her “Turtle Soup,” will you, old
fellow?’

The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and began, in a voice sometimes choked
with sobs, to sing this:--

   ‘Beautiful Soup, so rich and green,
   Waiting in a hot tureen!
   Who for such dainties would not stoop?
   Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
   Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
     Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
     Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
   Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
     Beautiful, beautiful Soup!

   ‘Beautiful Soup! Who cares for fish,
   Game, or any other dish?
   Who would not give all else for two
   Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
   Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
     Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
     Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
   Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
     Beautiful, beauti--FUL SOUP!’

‘Chorus again!’ cried the Gryphon, and the Mock Turtle had just begun
to repeat it, when a cry of ‘The trial’s beginning!’ was heard in the
distance.

‘Come on!’ cried the Gryphon, and, taking Alice by the hand, it hurried
off, without waiting for the end of the song.

‘What trial is it?’ Alice panted as she ran; but the Gryphon only
answered ‘Come on!’ and ran the faster, while more and more faintly
came, carried on the breeze that followed them, the melancholy words:--

   ‘Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
     Beautiful, beautiful Soup!’




CHAPTER XI. Who Stole the Tarts?

The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when they
arrived, with a great crowd assembled about them--all sorts of little
birds and beasts, as well as the whole pack of cards: the Knave was
standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard
him; and near the King was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one hand,
and a scroll of parchment in the other. In the very middle of the court
was a table, with a large dish of tarts upon it: they looked so good,
that it made Alice quite hungry to look at them--‘I wish they’d get the
trial done,’ she thought, ‘and hand round the refreshments!’ But there
seemed to be no chance of this, so she began looking at everything about
her, to pass away the time.

Alice had never been in a court of justice before, but she had read
about them in books, and she was quite pleased to find that she knew
the name of nearly everything there. ‘That’s the judge,’ she said to
herself, ‘because of his great wig.’

The judge, by the way, was the King; and as he wore his crown over the
wig, (look at the frontispiece if you want to see how he did it,) he did
not look at all comfortable, and it was certainly not becoming.

‘And that’s the jury-box,’ thought Alice, ‘and those twelve creatures,’
(she was obliged to say ‘creatures,’ you see, because some of them were
animals, and some were birds,) ‘I suppose they are the jurors.’ She said
this last word two or three times over to herself, being rather proud of
it: for she thought, and rightly too, that very few little girls of her
age knew the meaning of it at all. However, ‘jury-men’ would have done
just as well.

The twelve jurors were all writing very busily on slates. ‘What are they
doing?’ Alice whispered to the Gryphon. ‘They can’t have anything to put
down yet, before the trial’s begun.’

‘They’re putting down their names,’ the Gryphon whispered in reply, ‘for
fear they should forget them before the end of the trial.’

‘Stupid things!’ Alice began in a loud, indignant voice, but she stopped
hastily, for the White Rabbit cried out, ‘Silence in the court!’ and the
King put on his spectacles and looked anxiously round, to make out who
was talking.

Alice could see, as well as if she were looking over their shoulders,
that all the jurors were writing down ‘stupid things!’ on their slates,
and she could even make out that one of them didn’t know how to spell
‘stupid,’ and that he had to ask his neighbour to tell him. ‘A nice
muddle their slates’ll be in before the trial’s over!’ thought Alice.

One of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked. This of course, Alice
could not stand, and she went round the court and got behind him, and
very soon found an opportunity of taking it away. She did it so quickly
that the poor little juror (it was Bill, the Lizard) could not make out
at all what had become of it; so, after hunting all about for it, he was
obliged to write with one finger for the rest of the day; and this was
of very little use, as it left no mark on the slate.

‘Herald, read the accusation!’ said the King.

On this the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, and then
unrolled the parchment scroll, and read as follows:--

   ‘The Queen of Hearts, she made some tarts,
      All on a summer day:
    The Knave of Hearts, he stole those tarts,
      And took them quite away!’

‘Consider your verdict,’ the King said to the jury.

‘Not yet, not yet!’ the Rabbit hastily interrupted. ‘There’s a great
deal to come before that!’

‘Call the first witness,’ said the King; and the White Rabbit blew three
blasts on the trumpet, and called out, ‘First witness!’

The first witness was the Hatter. He came in with a teacup in one
hand and a piece of bread-and-butter in the other. ‘I beg pardon, your
Majesty,’ he began, ‘for bringing these in: but I hadn’t quite finished
my tea when I was sent for.’

‘You ought to have finished,’ said the King. ‘When did you begin?’

The Hatter looked at the March Hare, who had followed him into the
court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse. ‘Fourteenth of March, I think it
was,’ he said.

‘Fifteenth,’ said the March Hare.

‘Sixteenth,’ added the Dormouse.

‘Write that down,’ the King said to the jury, and the jury eagerly
wrote down all three dates on their slates, and then added them up, and
reduced the answer to shillings and pence.

‘Take off your hat,’ the King said to the Hatter.

‘It isn’t mine,’ said the Hatter.

‘Stolen!’ the King exclaimed, turning to the jury, who instantly made a
memorandum of the fact.

‘I keep them to sell,’ the Hatter added as an explanation; ‘I’ve none of
my own. I’m a hatter.’

Here the Queen put on her spectacles, and began staring at the Hatter,
who turned pale and fidgeted.

‘Give your evidence,’ said the King; ‘and don’t be nervous, or I’ll have
you executed on the spot.’

This did not seem to encourage the witness at all: he kept shifting
from one foot to the other, looking uneasily at the Queen, and in
his confusion he bit a large piece out of his teacup instead of the
bread-and-butter.

Just at this moment Alice felt a very curious sensation, which puzzled
her a good deal until she made out what it was: she was beginning to
grow larger again, and she thought at first she would get up and leave
the court; but on second thoughts she decided to remain where she was as
long as there was room for her.

‘I wish you wouldn’t squeeze so.’ said the Dormouse, who was sitting
next to her. ‘I can hardly breathe.’

‘I can’t help it,’ said Alice very meekly: ‘I’m growing.’

‘You’ve no right to grow here,’ said the Dormouse.

‘Don’t talk nonsense,’ said Alice more boldly: ‘you know you’re growing
too.’

‘Yes, but I grow at a reasonable pace,’ said the Dormouse: ‘not in that
ridiculous fashion.’ And he got up very sulkily and crossed over to the
other side of the court.

All this time the Queen had never left off staring at the Hatter, and,
just as the Dormouse crossed the court, she said to one of the officers
of the court, ‘Bring me the list of the singers in the last concert!’ on
which the wretched Hatter trembled so, that he shook both his shoes off.

‘Give your evidence,’ the King repeated angrily, ‘or I’ll have you
executed, whether you’re nervous or not.’

‘I’m a poor man, your Majesty,’ the Hatter began, in a trembling voice,
‘--and I hadn’t begun my tea--not above a week or so--and what with the
bread-and-butter getting so thin--and the twinkling of the tea--’

‘The twinkling of the what?’ said the King.

‘It began with the tea,’ the Hatter replied.

‘Of course twinkling begins with a T!’ said the King sharply. ‘Do you
take me for a dunce? Go on!’

‘I’m a poor man,’ the Hatter went on, ‘and most things twinkled after
that--only the March Hare said--’

‘I didn’t!’ the March Hare interrupted in a great hurry.

‘You did!’ said the Hatter.

‘I deny it!’ said the March Hare.

‘He denies it,’ said the King: ‘leave out that part.’

‘Well, at any rate, the Dormouse said--’ the Hatter went on, looking
anxiously round to see if he would deny it too: but the Dormouse denied
nothing, being fast asleep.

‘After that,’ continued the Hatter, ‘I cut some more bread-and-butter--’

‘But what did the Dormouse say?’ one of the jury asked.

‘That I can’t remember,’ said the Hatter.

‘You MUST remember,’ remarked the King, ‘or I’ll have you executed.’

The miserable Hatter dropped his teacup and bread-and-butter, and went
down on one knee. ‘I’m a poor man, your Majesty,’ he began.

‘You’re a very poor speaker,’ said the King.

Here one of the guinea-pigs cheered, and was immediately suppressed by
the officers of the court. (As that is rather a hard word, I will just
explain to you how it was done. They had a large canvas bag, which tied
up at the mouth with strings: into this they slipped the guinea-pig,
head first, and then sat upon it.)

‘I’m glad I’ve seen that done,’ thought Alice. ‘I’ve so often read
in the newspapers, at the end of trials, “There was some attempts
at applause, which was immediately suppressed by the officers of the
court,” and I never understood what it meant till now.’

‘If that’s all you know about it, you may stand down,’ continued the
King.

‘I can’t go no lower,’ said the Hatter: ‘I’m on the floor, as it is.’

‘Then you may SIT down,’ the King replied.

Here the other guinea-pig cheered, and was suppressed.

‘Come, that finished the guinea-pigs!’ thought Alice. ‘Now we shall get
on better.’

‘I’d rather finish my tea,’ said the Hatter, with an anxious look at the
Queen, who was reading the list of singers.

‘You may go,’ said the King, and the Hatter hurriedly left the court,
without even waiting to put his shoes on.

‘--and just take his head off outside,’ the Queen added to one of the
officers: but the Hatter was out of sight before the officer could get
to the door.

‘Call the next witness!’ said the King.

The next witness was the Duchess’s cook. She carried the pepper-box in
her hand, and Alice guessed who it was, even before she got into the
court, by the way the people near the door began sneezing all at once.

‘Give your evidence,’ said the King.

‘Shan’t,’ said the cook.

The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit, who said in a low voice,
‘Your Majesty must cross-examine THIS witness.’

‘Well, if I must, I must,’ the King said, with a melancholy air, and,
after folding his arms and frowning at the cook till his eyes were
nearly out of sight, he said in a deep voice, ‘What are tarts made of?’

‘Pepper, mostly,’ said the cook.

‘Treacle,’ said a sleepy voice behind her.

‘Collar that Dormouse,’ the Queen shrieked out. ‘Behead that Dormouse!
Turn that Dormouse out of court! Suppress him! Pinch him! Off with his
whiskers!’

For some minutes the whole court was in confusion, getting the Dormouse
turned out, and, by the time they had settled down again, the cook had
disappeared.

‘Never mind!’ said the King, with an air of great relief. ‘Call the next
witness.’ And he added in an undertone to the Queen, ‘Really, my dear,
YOU must cross-examine the next witness. It quite makes my forehead
ache!’

Alice watched the White Rabbit as he fumbled over the list, feeling very
curious to see what the next witness would be like, ‘--for they haven’t
got much evidence YET,’ she said to herself. Imagine her surprise, when
the White Rabbit read out, at the top of his shrill little voice, the
name ‘Alice!’




CHAPTER XII. Alice’s Evidence


‘Here!’ cried Alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the moment how
large she had grown in the last few minutes, and she jumped up in such
a hurry that she tipped over the jury-box with the edge of her skirt,
upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads of the crowd below, and there
they lay sprawling about, reminding her very much of a globe of goldfish
she had accidentally upset the week before.

‘Oh, I BEG your pardon!’ she exclaimed in a tone of great dismay, and
began picking them up again as quickly as she could, for the accident of
the goldfish kept running in her head, and she had a vague sort of idea
that they must be collected at once and put back into the jury-box, or
they would die.

‘The trial cannot proceed,’ said the King in a very grave voice, ‘until
all the jurymen are back in their proper places--ALL,’ he repeated with
great emphasis, looking hard at Alice as he said do.

Alice looked at the jury-box, and saw that, in her haste, she had put
the Lizard in head downwards, and the poor little thing was waving its
tail about in a melancholy way, being quite unable to move. She soon got
it out again, and put it right; ‘not that it signifies much,’ she said
to herself; ‘I should think it would be QUITE as much use in the trial
one way up as the other.’

As soon as the jury had a little recovered from the shock of being
upset, and their slates and pencils had been found and handed back to
them, they set to work very diligently to write out a history of the
accident, all except the Lizard, who seemed too much overcome to do
anything but sit with its mouth open, gazing up into the roof of the
court.

‘What do you know about this business?’ the King said to Alice.

‘Nothing,’ said Alice.

‘Nothing WHATEVER?’ persisted the King.

‘Nothing whatever,’ said Alice.

‘That’s very important,’ the King said, turning to the jury. They were
just beginning to write this down on their slates, when the White Rabbit
interrupted: ‘UNimportant, your Majesty means, of course,’ he said in a
very respectful tone, but frowning and making faces at him as he spoke.

‘UNimportant, of course, I meant,’ the King hastily said, and went on
to himself in an undertone,

‘important--unimportant--unimportant--important--’ as if he were trying
which word sounded best.

Some of the jury wrote it down ‘important,’ and some ‘unimportant.’
Alice could see this, as she was near enough to look over their slates;
‘but it doesn’t matter a bit,’ she thought to herself.

At this moment the King, who had been for some time busily writing in
his note-book, cackled out ‘Silence!’ and read out from his book, ‘Rule
Forty-two. ALL PERSONS MORE THAN A MILE HIGH TO LEAVE THE COURT.’

Everybody looked at Alice.

‘I’M not a mile high,’ said Alice.

‘You are,’ said the King.

‘Nearly two miles high,’ added the Queen.

‘Well, I shan’t go, at any rate,’ said Alice: ‘besides, that’s not a
regular rule: you invented it just now.’

‘It’s the oldest rule in the book,’ said the King.

‘Then it ought to be Number One,’ said Alice.

The King turned pale, and shut his note-book hastily. ‘Consider your
verdict,’ he said to the jury, in a low, trembling voice.

‘There’s more evidence to come yet, please your Majesty,’ said the White
Rabbit, jumping up in a great hurry; ‘this paper has just been picked
up.’

‘What’s in it?’ said the Queen.

‘I haven’t opened it yet,’ said the White Rabbit, ‘but it seems to be a
letter, written by the prisoner to--to somebody.’

‘It must have been that,’ said the King, ‘unless it was written to
nobody, which isn’t usual, you know.’

‘Who is it directed to?’ said one of the jurymen.

‘It isn’t directed at all,’ said the White Rabbit; ‘in fact, there’s
nothing written on the OUTSIDE.’ He unfolded the paper as he spoke, and
added ‘It isn’t a letter, after all: it’s a set of verses.’

‘Are they in the prisoner’s handwriting?’ asked another of the jurymen.

‘No, they’re not,’ said the White Rabbit, ‘and that’s the queerest thing
about it.’ (The jury all looked puzzled.)

‘He must have imitated somebody else’s hand,’ said the King. (The jury
all brightened up again.)

‘Please your Majesty,’ said the Knave, ‘I didn’t write it, and they
can’t prove I did: there’s no name signed at the end.’

‘If you didn’t sign it,’ said the King, ‘that only makes the matter
worse. You MUST have meant some mischief, or else you’d have signed your
name like an honest man.’

There was a general clapping of hands at this: it was the first really
clever thing the King had said that day.

‘That PROVES his guilt,’ said the Queen.

‘It proves nothing of the sort!’ said Alice. ‘Why, you don’t even know
what they’re about!’

‘Read them,’ said the King.

The White Rabbit put on his spectacles. ‘Where shall I begin, please
your Majesty?’ he asked.

‘Begin at the beginning,’ the King said gravely, ‘and go on till you
come to the end: then stop.’

These were the verses the White Rabbit read:--

   ‘They told me you had been to her,
    And mentioned me to him:
   She gave me a good character,
    But said I could not swim.

   He sent them word I had not gone
    (We know it to be true):
   If she should push the matter on,
    What would become of you?

   I gave her one, they gave him two,
    You gave us three or more;
   They all returned from him to you,
    Though they were mine before.

   If I or she should chance to be
    Involved in this affair,
   He trusts to you to set them free,
    Exactly as we were.

   My notion was that you had been
    (Before she had this fit)
   An obstacle that came between
    Him, and ourselves, and it.

   Don’t let him know she liked them best,
    For this must ever be
   A secret, kept from all the rest,
    Between yourself and me.’

‘That’s the most important piece of evidence we’ve heard yet,’ said the
King, rubbing his hands; ‘so now let the jury--’

‘If any one of them can explain it,’ said Alice, (she had grown so large
in the last few minutes that she wasn’t a bit afraid of interrupting
him,) ‘I’ll give him sixpence. _I_ don’t believe there’s an atom of
meaning in it.’

The jury all wrote down on their slates, ‘SHE doesn’t believe there’s an
atom of meaning in it,’ but none of them attempted to explain the paper.

‘If there’s no meaning in it,’ said the King, ‘that saves a world of
trouble, you know, as we needn’t try to find any. And yet I don’t know,’
he went on, spreading out the verses on his knee, and looking at them
with one eye; ‘I seem to see some meaning in them, after all. “--SAID
I COULD NOT SWIM--” you can’t swim, can you?’ he added, turning to the
Knave.

The Knave shook his head sadly. ‘Do I look like it?’ he said. (Which he
certainly did NOT, being made entirely of cardboard.)

‘All right, so far,’ said the King, and he went on muttering over
the verses to himself: ‘“WE KNOW IT TO BE TRUE--” that’s the jury, of
course--“I GAVE HER ONE, THEY GAVE HIM TWO--” why, that must be what he
did with the tarts, you know--’

‘But, it goes on “THEY ALL RETURNED FROM HIM TO YOU,”’ said Alice.

‘Why, there they are!’ said the King triumphantly, pointing to the tarts
on the table. ‘Nothing can be clearer than THAT. Then again--“BEFORE SHE
HAD THIS FIT--” you never had fits, my dear, I think?’ he said to the
Queen.

‘Never!’ said the Queen furiously, throwing an inkstand at the Lizard
as she spoke. (The unfortunate little Bill had left off writing on his
slate with one finger, as he found it made no mark; but he now hastily
began again, using the ink, that was trickling down his face, as long as
it lasted.)

‘Then the words don’t FIT you,’ said the King, looking round the court
with a smile. There was a dead silence.

‘It’s a pun!’ the King added in an offended tone, and everybody laughed,
‘Let the jury consider their verdict,’ the King said, for about the
twentieth time that day.

‘No, no!’ said the Queen. ‘Sentence first--verdict afterwards.’

‘Stuff and nonsense!’ said Alice loudly. ‘The idea of having the
sentence first!’

‘Hold your tongue!’ said the Queen, turning purple.

‘I won’t!’ said Alice.

‘Off with her head!’ the Queen shouted at the top of her voice. Nobody
moved.

‘Who cares for you?’ said Alice, (she had grown to her full size by this
time.) ‘You’re nothing but a pack of cards!’

At this the whole pack rose up into the air, and came flying down upon
her: she gave a little scream, half of fright and half of anger, and
tried to beat them off, and found herself lying on the bank, with her
head in the lap of her sister, who was gently brushing away some dead
leaves that had fluttered down from the trees upon her face.

‘Wake up, Alice dear!’ said her sister; ‘Why, what a long sleep you’ve
had!’

‘Oh, I’ve had such a curious dream!’ said Alice, and she told her
sister, as well as she could remember them, all these strange Adventures
of hers that you have just been reading about; and when she had
finished, her sister kissed her, and said, ‘It WAS a curious dream,
dear, certainly: but now run in to your tea; it’s getting late.’ So
Alice got up and ran off, thinking while she ran, as well she might,
what a wonderful dream it had been.

But her sister sat still just as she left her, leaning her head on her
hand, watching the setting sun, and thinking of little Alice and all her
wonderful Adventures, till she too began dreaming after a fashion, and
this was her dream:--

First, she dreamed of little Alice herself, and once again the tiny
hands were clasped upon her knee, and the bright eager eyes were looking
up into hers--she could hear the very tones of her voice, and see that
queer little toss of her head to keep back the wandering hair that
WOULD always get into her eyes--and still as she listened, or seemed to
listen, the whole place around her became alive with the strange creatures
of her little sister’s dream.

The long grass rustled at her feet as the White Rabbit hurried by--the
frightened Mouse splashed his way through the neighbouring pool--she
could hear the rattle of the teacups as the March Hare and his friends
shared their never-ending meal, and the shrill voice of the Queen
ordering off her unfortunate guests to execution--once more the pig-baby
was sneezing on the Duchess’s knee, while plates and dishes crashed
around it--once more the shriek of the Gryphon, the squeaking of the
Lizard’s slate-pencil, and the choking of the suppressed guinea-pigs,
filled the air, mixed up with the distant sobs of the miserable Mock
Turtle.

So she sat on, with closed eyes, and half believed herself in
Wonderland, though she knew she had but to open them again, and all
would change to dull reality--the grass would be only rustling in the
wind, and the pool rippling to the waving of the reeds--the rattling
teacups would change to tinkling sheep-bells, and the Queen’s shrill
cries to the voice of the shepherd boy--and the sneeze of the baby, the
shriek of the Gryphon, and all the other queer noises, would change (she
knew) to the confused clamour of the busy farm-yard--while the lowing
of the cattle in the distance would take the place of the Mock Turtle’s
heavy sobs.

Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers
would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would
keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her
childhood: and how she would gather about her other little children, and
make THEIR eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale, perhaps even
with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how she would feel with
all their simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all their simple joys,
remembering her own child-life, and the happy summer days.

title
A Message to Our Customers
Steve Jobs has passed away.
Reflecting on one very, very strange year at Uber
Show HN: This up votes itself
Cloudflare Reverse Proxies Are Dumping Uninitialized Memory
UK votes to leave EU
Tim Cook Speaks Up
Announcing the first SHA-1 collision
2048
Don't Fly During Ramadan
CIA malware and hacking tools
Hyperloop
Ask HN: Is S3 down?
Pardon Snowden
Be Kind
Tell HN: New features and a moderator
Watch a VC use my name to sell a con
Microsoft takes .NET open source and cross-platform
Seven earth-sized planets discovered circling a star 39 light years from Earth
G is for Google
I am an Uber survivor
Making Humans a Multiplanetary Species [video]
Uber Founder Travis Kalanick Resigns as C.E.O.
Get started making music
Aaron Swartz commits suicide
Email Encryption Software Relies on One Guy, Who Is Going Broke
Today is The Day We Fight Back
Request for Startups: Kill Hollywood.
Microsoft to acquire LinkedIn for $26B
Ubuntu on Windows
Launching in 2015: A Certificate Authority to Encrypt the Entire Web
Physicists Detect Gravitational Waves, Proving Einstein Right
All Our Patent Are Belong To You
Drop Dropbox
Accidentally Stopping a Global Cyber Attack
Google Reader shutting down
Rob Pike: Dennis Ritchie has died
14-Year-Old Boy Arrested for Bringing Homemade Clock to School
Same-Sex Marriage Is a Right, Supreme Court Rules
Request For Research: Basic Income
A Most Peculiar Test Drive
Atlassian acquires Trello for $425M
Why I’m Suing the US Government
Master Plan, Part Deux
GitHub lets staff own IP developed for personal projects using company resources
Jury in Oracle v. Google finds in Google's favour
Lavabit abruptly shuts down
Swift is Open Source
Boot a linux kernel right inside your browser.
Donald Trump is the president-elect of the U.S.
YC Research
The Heartbleed Bug
Google's “Director of Engineering” Hiring Test
Heroku's Ugly Secret: The story of how the cloud-king turned its back on Rails
SpaceX to Send Privately Crewed Dragon Spacecraft Beyond the Moon Next Year
Paul Graham: SOPA Supporting Companies No Longer Allowed At YC Demo Day
Jessica Livingston
A Sister’s Eulogy for Steve Jobs
Tim Berners-Lee wins Turing Award
Breaking down Amazon's mega dropdown
NPM and Left-Pad: Have We Forgotten How to Program?
Hacker News API
Yarn – A new package manager for JavaScript
XKeyscore: NSA program collects 'nearly everything a user does on the internet'
Amazon to Acquire Whole Foods for $13.7B
Facebook Fraud [video]
Dear GitHub
RethinkDB is shutting down
Steve Jobs Resigns as CEO of Apple
Net Neutrality Day of Action: Help Preserve the Open Internet
Stripe Atlas
$1B of TSA Nude Body Scanners Made Worthless By Blog
Facebook is an attack on the open web
Tell HN: Political Detox Week – No politics on HN for one week
Show HN: Web Design in 4 minutes
Responsive Pixel Art
John McCarthy Has Died
We only hire the trendiest
How Technology Hijacks People’s Minds
A Protocol for Dying
Microsoft Launches Visual Studio Code, a Free Cross-Platform Code Editor
NSA infiltrates links to Yahoo, Google data centers worldwide
Light Table - a new IDE concept
Wozniak: “Actually, the movie was largely a lie about me”
Leonard Nimoy, Spock of ‘Star Trek,’ Dies at 83
Introducing unlimited private repositories
I've Just Liberated My Modules
Being sued, in East Texas, for using the Google Play Store [video]
DDoS Attack Against Dyn Managed DNS
Instagram's Million Dollar Bug
TensorFlow: open-source library for machine intelligence
Welcome, ACLU
Visualizing Algorithms
“Two days ago the police came to me and wanted me to stop working on this”
I'm learning to code by building 180 websites in 180 days. Today is day 115
Google engineer writing Amazon reviews on USB-C cables that don't work
Electron is flash for the desktop (2016)
Obama Commutes Bulk of Chelsea Manning’s Sentence
What Happens When You Send a Zero-Day to a Bank?
All Tesla Cars Being Produced Now Have Full Self-Driving Hardware
FCC Passes Strict Net Neutrality Regulations on 3-2 Vote
David Bowie Has Died
Thanks, HN: You helped discover a disease and save lives
Amazon Web Services in Plain English
We’re dropping Google Ads
Atom
First-Person Hyper-lapse Videos
Don't mess with Newegg
Detaining my partner: a failed attempt at intimidation
In Memoriam: Ian Murdock
CRISPR eliminates HIV-1 infection in live animals
A crashed advertisement reveals logs of a facial recognition system
Facebook acquires Oculus VR
A spreadsheet in fewer than 30 lines of JavaScript, no library used
Amazon's customer service backdoor
Outlawed by Amazon DRM
Console.mihai();
SteamOS
NASA: We're sending humans to Mars
Onedrive is slow on Linux but fast with a “Windows” user-agent (2016)
Reverse Engineering a Mysterious UDP Stream in My Hotel
My Family’s Slave
Amazon Prime Air
Grumpy: Go running Python
Taking control of all .io domains with a targeted registration
Lyrebird – An API to copy the voice of anyone
Alan Kay has agreed to do an AMA today
Lily – Drone camera
Lee Sedol Beats AlphaGo in Game 4
Bomberman massively multiplayer in HTML5
What should I do about YouTube?
Forced Exposure
I was once a Facebook fool
Hello Chrome, it’s Firefox calling
Coin
Show HN: Meteor, a realtime JavaScript framework
Hello Firefox, this is Chrome calling
What Is Code?
What I Wish I'd Known About Equity Before Joining a Unicorn
Microsoft Open Sources C# Compiler
Ask HN: What do you want to see in Ubuntu 17.10?
Panama Papers: Mossack Fonseca leak reveals elite's tax havens
Explain Shell
"Lighten up"
VLC contributor living in Aleppo writing about the Paris attacks
Announcing Rust 1.0
Open Guide to Amazon Web Services
I'm choosing euthanasia etd 1pm. I have no last words.
They Used To Last 50 Years
Dear Google, Apple, Mozilla, and MS: Please End Auto-Playing Media in Browsers
Dsxyliea
This is a web page
Company withdrawing from Facebook as analytics show 80% of ad clicks from bots
Defending Our Brand
Yahoo scanned customer emails for US intelligence
Announcing SQL Server on Linux
Started a stupid company. Failed.
Diamonds Suck (2006)
“Swift will be open source later this year”
Gitmo Is Killing Me
Andy Grove has died
WhatsApp backdoor allows snooping on encrypted messages
Looking for Work After 25 Years of Octave
What It's Like To Be Ridiculed For Open Sourcing A Project
Moving Forward on Basic Income
Magic
Visual Studio Code is now open source
“It's The Future”
Sprite Lamp
Hit men, click whores, and paid apologists: Welcome to the Silicon Cesspool
The Dropbox hack is real
Scammed By A Silicon Valley Startup
“Why did you shoot me? I was reading a book”
Teach Yourself Computer Science
He Always Had a Dark Side
Show HN: Show HN
The Daredevil Camera
Graphing when your Facebook friends are awake
Introducing Word Lens
My Biggest Regret as a Programmer
What I Didn't Say
“Was isolated from 1999 to 2006 with a 486. Built my own late 80s OS”
SpaceX launch webcast: Orbcomm-2 Mission [video]
My First 10 Minutes on a Server
John Nash Has Died
Apple’s declining software quality
Shame on Y Combinator
Apache Foundation disallows use of the Facebook “BSD+Patent” license
Advanced Data Structures
FCC Chairman: This Is How We Will Ensure Net Neutrality
LibreTaxi – A free and open source alternative to Uber and Lyft
Do Things that Don't Scale
Battle for the Internet
Build Your Own Text Editor
Stories that Hacker News removes from the front page
Diffie and Hellman Win Turing Award
Raspberry Pi Zero: the $5 computer
Today you, tomorrow me
The web sucks if you have a slow connection
NSA leaker is a patriot, not a traitor
Elon Musk: To the People of New Jersey
Show HN: Sorting Two Metric Tons of Lego
Let's Encrypt is Trusted
Marvin Minsky dies at 88
Apple Stole My Music
Google: 90% of our engineers use the software you wrote (Homebrew), but...
Letter to Amazon Board from Fired Ad Exec
Light Table is now open source
Free Lossless Image Format
Edward Snowden: the whistleblower behind revelations of NSA surveillance
Introducing the Keybase filesystem
I'm Leaving Mojang
Entering Public Beta
How I Ended Up In Solitary After Calling 911 For Help
Stripe: instant payment processing for developers
Node v4.0.0
Cyberattacks in 12 Nations Said to Use Leaked N.S.A. Hacking Tool
New Hacker News Guideline: Avoid Gratuitous Negativity
Amazon Go
Summary of the Amazon S3 Service Disruption
Fireflies
Philae Found
I started a one-man biz that's beating VC-backed startups
My Heroic and Lazy Stand Against IFTTT
Why we lost Uber as a user
Farewell Stack Exchange
WhatsApp Co-Founder Donates $1M to FreeBSD Foundation
Plagiarism
H.264 is Magic
Confirmed: The NSA is Spying on Millions of Americans
Hi, It’s Google Corporate Development
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer to retire within 12 months
Show HN: Wave function collapse algorithm
Uber's playbook for sabotaging Lyft
Path texts my entire phonebook at 6 AM
DuckDuckGo is blowing up
President Obama Calls for a Free and Open Internet
Google Noto Fonts
Google Security Team Member on NSA: "Fuck These Guys"
PowerShell is open sourced and is available on Linux
Introducing Swift
Show HN: Spot the Drowning Child
I Quit: What really goes on at Apple
A Method I’ve Used to Eliminate Bad Tech Hires
Google Buys Motorola For $12.5 Billion
Ask HN: How much do you make at Amazon? Here is how much I make at Amazon
“We will stop updating and distributing the Flash Player at the end of 2020”
Google achieves AI 'breakthrough' by beating Go champion
EU Announces That All Scientific Articles Should Be Freely Accessible by 2020
Facebook is closing Parse
Startup Playbook
Prosecutor as bully
Be Kind
Steve's Google Platform rant
Massachusetts Bans Employers from Asking Applicants About Previous Pay
Ubuntu Edge
Silicon Valley Women, in Cultural Shift, Frankly Describe Sexual Harassment
Julie Ann Horvath Describes Sexism and Intimidation Behind Her GitHub Exit
Planet Found in Habitable Zone Around Nearest Star
Mozilla Acquires Pocket
Show HN: Privacy-focused, ad-free, non-tracking torrent search engine
The Next Microsoft
How a comment on Hacker News led to 4½ new Unicode characters
Amit Gupta has found a 10/10 matched donor
Doug Engelbart has died
Why you should never use Upwork
I hereby resign
Fuck It, I'm Going Back to Firefox
Show HN: Make a programmable mirror
Show HN: Alacritty, a GPU-accelerated terminal emulator written in Rust
94-year-old Lithium-Ion Battery Inventor Introduces Solid State Battery
All European scientific publicly funded articles to be freely accessible by 2020
Standard Markdown
The Face Behind Bitcoin?
Philae has landed
Building Jarvis
The days are long but the decades are short
Tesla Energy
GitLab Database Incident – Live Report
How we got read access on Google’s production servers
“I have toyota corola”
Six-Legged Giant Finds Secret Hideaway, Hides For 80 Years
How We Built r/Place
The Dutch Reach: Clever Workaround to Keep Cyclists from Getting “Doored”
Please Make Google AMP Optional
A new approach to China
Quick tip for developers who use OS X
How to C in 2016
Dutch government says no to backdoors, grants $540k to OpenSSL
How Uber Used Secret “Greyball” Tool to Deceive Authorities Worldwide
Announcing new tools, forums, and features
Lenovo Caught Installing Adware on New Computers
Amazon LightSail: Simple Virtual Private Servers on AWS
Google Fiber Plans & Pricing
Hunting Down My Son's Killer
Kite – Programming Copilot
South Africa's Nelson Mandela dies
I don't learn anything on HN anymore, bring back the upvote count
Quit Social Media, Your Career May Depend on It
Time to Take a Stand
Our First Certificate Is Now Live
Facebook Buying WhatsApp for $16B in Cash and Stock Plus $3B in RSUs
Unreal Engine 4 is now available to everyone for free
Sega Saturn CD Cracked after 20 Years
Google Web Designer
Microsoft Acquires Xamarin
YC will hold interviews in Vancouver for founders who can’t get US visas
The PyCon Incident
Steve Ballmer serves up a data trove about government spending in the US
Ooops.
GCHQ intercepted webcam images of millions of Yahoo users worldwide
The Website Obesity Crisis
Didn’t Homejoy Shut Down?
GoDaddy supports SOPA, redditor proposes "Move your Domain Day"
Zynga to employees: Give back our stock or you'll be fired
A Competitive Programmer's Handbook
Show HN: A visual guide to the most popular CSS properties
Logojoy: AI-powered logo creator
Count to ten when a plane goes down
SpaceX plans worldwide satellite Internet with low latency, gigabit speed
Intel Skylake/Kaby Lake processors: broken hyper-threading
Introducing OpenAI
Cat-proofing a cat feeding machine
Project Fi by Google
Elon Musk on How to Build the Future
Publicly Funded Research Should Be Publicly Available
I love you, dad
Nature makes all articles free to view
FBI raids alleged online drug market Silk Road, arrests owner
Show HN: Get Paid to Build Your Next Side Project
Mystery signal from a helicopter
Notepad++ V 7.3.3 – Fix CIA Hacking Notepad++ Issue
So A Blogger Walks Into A Bar…
Show HN: Monica, an open-source CRM to manage friends and family
Atom 1.0
SES-10 Mission
Apple File System
Project Loon
Show HN: Open Hunt – an open and community-run alternative to Product Hunt
The Uber Bombshell About to Drop
Deep Photo Style Transfer
Proposition HN: I will pay $8000 for you to build your side-project/MVP
Diamonds Are Bullshit
Ask HN: Who is firing?
A Step By Step Guide to Transfer Domains Out Of GoDaddy
AlphaGo beats the world champion Lee Sedol in first of five matches
Who's downloading pirated papers? Everyone
My startup failed, and this is what it feels like
Quick, Draw
Announcing SyntaxNet: The World’s Most Accurate Natural Language Parser
Ask HN: What is your favorite YouTube channel for developers?
Bret Victor: Learnable Programming
Calculus Made Easy (1914) [pdf]
Gates Foundation to require immediate free access for journal articles
That awkward moment when Apple mocked good hardware and poor people
Victory Lap for Ask Patents
Sony: All personal data stolen from PSN
Making a virtual machine in Google Sheets
Reddit user captures video of 2012 voting machines altering votes
Thank HN: From Google form to $1k in revenue in one month
Show HN: Markov chains explained visually
Eve: Programming designed for humans
Don’t Mess with The Google
Google Inbox
Introducing Cloud Spanner, a Global Database Service
Skeuocard
Y Combinator is funding the future of spam in Windows
Why can a scam company raise $40 Million Series C + $76 Million Series B?
My dad taught me cashflow with a soda machine
Mathematics for Computer Science [pdf]
Trevor Perrin requests removal of NSA from IETF Crypto Review
Physical assault by McDonald's for wearing Digital Eye Glass
TermKit - a graphical terminal replacement
WhatsApp's Signal Protocol integration is now complete
NSO Group's iPhone Zero-Days used against a UAE Human Rights Defender
Project Naptha: a browser extension that enables text selection on any image
Linux can’t be installed on a recent Lenovo laptop
Wikimedia Foundation spending
The largest Git repo
Developers’ side projects
Why HN was down
Tearable Cloth Simulation in JavaScript
Twitter Bootstrap
Yahoo discloses hack of 1B accounts
VPAID ads destroy performance and are still served by major ad networks
USA Facts – Federal, state, and local data from government sources
How I Lost My $50,000 Twitter Username
Top Books on Amazon Based on Links in Hacker News Comments
"That's Why You Don't Have Any Friends."
2048 AI
Hemingway makes your writing bold and clear
React Native is now open source
Fired
GitTorrent: A Decentralized GitHub
How Dropbox Hacks Your Mac
The second operating system hiding in every mobile phone
Apple Has Removed Dash from the App Store
How to Center in CSS
Ask HN: What is your favorite internet rabbit hole?
YouTube now defaults to HTML5 video
How I went from $100-an-hour programming to $X0,000-a-week consulting
How SSH got port number 22
I will not do a tech interview
Enough Is Enough
Cursors
Frighteningly Ambitious Startup Ideas
Keep the Internet Open
An off-grid social network
TrendMicro Node.js HTTP server listening on localhost can execute commands
“PayPal has demanded that we monitor data traffic as well as customers’ files”
Farewell, Dr. Dobb's
Google Beatbox
Edward Snowden nominated for Nobel peace prize
The Horror of a 'Secure Golden Key'
Write Code Every Day
Adria Richards, PyCon, and How We All Lost
Satya Nadella – Microsoft's CEO
GitHub Student Developer Pack
OpenAI Universe
Don't Call Yourself a Programmer
How to Pass a Programming Interview
Show HN: OneBody Church Directory software I've been hacking on for 7 years
Sir Terry Pratchett has died
Programming books you might want to consider reading
There is no WhatsApp 'backdoor'
I quit the tech industry
Airbnb Nightmare: No End In Sight
Google’s Marissa Mayer Tapped as Yahoo’s Chief
Immersive Linear Algebra – textbook with fully interactive figures (2015)
Root – Programmable bank account for software developers
ISRO Mars Orbiter Mission: Spacecraft successfully enters Martian Orbit
Netflix Is Now Available Around the World
Paul Hudak, co-creator of Haskell, has died
Show HN: I got hacked, felt paranoid, made an app – GlassWire
How a VC-funded company is undermining the open-source community
LinkedIn shares drop 40%, erasing $10B of company's value
Signs of Liquid Water Found on Surface of Mars, Study Says
24-core CPU and I can’t move my mouse
Yahoo installed a backdoor for the NSA behind the back of the security team
VR
LastPass autofill exploit
What is Happening in Istanbul?
How is NSA breaking so much crypto?
Nexus 6
1Password Travel Mode: Protect your data when crossing borders
Show HN: Generating fantasy maps – an interactive exploration
Postgres gets support for upsert
IndieHackers.com acquired by Stripe
First they came for the Iranians
TXT Record XSS
YC Fellowship
US intelligence mining data from 9 US Internet companies in broad secret program
I was asked to crack a program in a job interview
If the Earth were 100 pixels wide
“Let her speak please”
In defense of the Google chef
You might not need jQuery
John Carmack joins Oculus as CTO
US Senate votes to undo FCC internet privacy rules
Springer Textbooks More Than 10 Years Old Available for Free Legal Download
Introducing Keybase Chat
YouTube-dl: Open-source YouTube downloader
20 lines of code that beat A/B testing every time
Thinking of Selling on eBay using Paypal? Think Again
PayPal forces buyer to destroy $2500 pre-WWII antique violin in dispute
“Game Programming Patterns” is now finished
Reddit
Web Design: The First 100 Years (2014)
A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket has exploded at Cape Canaveral
The New Firefox and Ridiculous Numbers of Tabs
OnHub
Quine Relay
Brendan Eich Steps Down as Mozilla CEO
Chaos Computer Club breaks Apple TouchID
Neil Armstrong has died at 82 Today
Firefox Developer Edition
Leonard Cohen Has Died
Depression Part Two
Using prime numbers to make better backgrounds
WhatsApp, Used by 100M Brazilians, Shut Down Nationwide Today by a Single Judge
Indie Hackers: Learn how developers are making money
Gmail was down
The sad state of sysadmin in the age of containers
Life is Short
Kill Google AMP before it kills the web
Visual Studio Code 1.0
I noticed some disturbing privacy defaults in Windows 10
Myself – v1.0.3
Thinking the unthinkable
Tom Magliozzi, Co-Host of NPR's 'Car Talk,' Dies at 77
Front Page Subreddits Go Private in Response to Firing of Reddit Admin
Thoughts on Flash
Japanese writing system basics
Snakisms
The resolution of the Bitcoin experiment
How I spend my first 5 minutes on a server
Why Japan’s Rail Workers Point at Things
Tell HN: AngelList told my employer that I'd updated my profile
You Suck at Excel with Joel Spolsky (2015) [video]
Winamp shutting down on December 20th, 2013
A US-born NASA scientist was detained at the border until he unlocked his phone
Turn your browser into a notepad with one line
Music Theory: An Education from First Principles
Statement from Edward Snowden in Moscow
Hacking my Vagina
Violated: A traveler’s lost faith, a difficult lesson learned
A startup’s Firebase bill suddenly increased from $25 to $1750 per month
I Had My Electronics Seized by U.S. Customs and Border Protection
Wikipedia to Shut Down on Wednesday to Protest SOPA
Did I just win?
Ask HN: How to get started with machine learning?
The first person to hack the iPhone is building a self-driving car
GitLab acquires Gitter, will open-source the code
RethinkDB Postmortem
Show HN: XKCD-inspired StackSort
Why I Left Google
Chrome 56 will mark HTTP pages with password fields as non-secure
Hands-On with Microsoft's New Holographic Goggles
Xamarin now free in Visual Studio, and Xamarin SDK being open-sourced
Hi I’m Hank, and I bought a bus
Luna – Visual and textual functional programming language
153k Ether Stolen in Parity Multi-Sig Attack
Left-pad as a service
Stellar
I am very real
I made my own clear plastic tooth aligners and they worked
AlphaGo beats Lee Sedol again in match 2 of 5
Nintendo Switch – New Video Game System [video]
What 4chan thinks of HN
Reddit removed NSL canary from 2015 Transparency Report
Yes, we’re being bought by Microsoft
Speed-of-light experiments yield baffling result at LHC
Opera moves to WebKit
Nintendo CEO Satoru Iwata has died [pdf]
Naughty Strings: A list of strings likely to cause issues as user-input data
I Am An Object Of Internet Ridicule, Ask Me Anything
How Naughty Dog Fit Crash Bandicoot into 2MB of RAM on the PS1
Announcing Starfighter
This is how Visa works
Firefox makes click-to-activate Flash the default
Zero-cost futures in Rust
Distill: a modern machine learning journal
Launchaco – Instantly generate a responsive, free, website
Intel Compute Stick
Mental Models I Find Repeatedly Useful
How I Hacked Hacker News (with arc security advisory)
Net neutrality is in jeopardy again
I stayed in a hotel with Android lightswitches and it was as bad as you'd think
Why I'm switching back to Firefox
Every day at my job I helped people just barely survive
Alex Honnold Scales El Capitan Without Ropes, and the Climbing World Reels
Ask HN: What language-agnostic programming books should I read?
2048, success and me
Dear open-source maintainers, a letter from GitLab
Osama bin Laden Is Dead
Amazon Echo
Chosen: A javascript plug-in that makes long select boxes user-friendly.
N.S.A. Foils Much Internet Encryption
Philae comet lander wakes up
Reddit to go dark on Jan 18 to protest SOPA
Grooveshark co-founder, 28, found dead in home
How the Singapore Circle Line rogue train was caught with data
The new MacBook
How Hacker News ranking really works: scoring, controversy, and penalties
Hidden backdoor API to root privileges in Apple OS X
Crypto 101 – Introductory course on cryptography
Printing a wall-sized world map and what I've learned from it
World
Network Solutions Auto-Enroll: $1,850
DeepMind and Blizzard to release StarCraft II as an AI research environment
The 500-mile email
Microsoft Launches Its .NET Distribution for Linux and Mac
How to Get Startup Ideas
Atom Is Now Open Source
List of Sites Affected by Cloudflare's HTTPS Traffic Leak
The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Recurrent Neural Networks
Starting an Internet Service Provider
How I hacked Github again
The “Cobra Effect” that is disabling paste on password fields
Show HN: Your Social Media Fingerprint (maybe NSFW)
Why the Fuck?
'Clean your desk': My Amazon interview experience
We Should Not Accept Scientific Results That Have Not Been Repeated
Game about squares
I worked on the US drone program. The public should know what really goes on
Wind Map
Unicode Text Converter
Alphabet's Waymo Alleges Uber Stole Self-Driving Secrets
React Native for Android
Reconsider
Amazon Glacier
Time to end the war on drugs
CVE-2014-6271: Remote code execution through bash
Open Letter to Mozilla: Bring Back Persona
Mozilla bug 923590: Pledge never to implement HTML5 DRM
Docker for Mac and Windows Beta
Homebrew 1.0.0
Google Will Stop Reading Your Emails for Gmail Ads
Vulkan is Here
I'd like to use the web my way, thank you very much Quora
New Zealand bans some software patents
CoreOS is building a container runtime, Rocket
The House just voted to wipe out the FCC’s landmark Internet privacy protections
Steve Jobs has died
Mosh: SSH for 2012
Fractal Lab
Secret contract tied NSA and security industry pioneer
Here is today
I Turned a Routine Traffic Ticket into a Constitutional Trial
VS Code uses 13% CPU when idle due to blinking cursor rendering
From Asm.js to WebAssembly
Leaving Beta, New Sponsors
Wine 2.0 released
Why I Am Leaving Goldman Sachs
Transmission BitTorrent app contained malware
A practical security guide for web developers
Show HN: Primitive Pictures
Announcing Rust 1.0 Alpha
Ask HN: What are some good technology blogs to follow?
Why I Don’t Talk to Google Recruiters
Gravity waves from Big Bang detected
Things You Notice When You Quit the News
To Apple, Love Taylor
A cave in Romania that was sealed for 5.5M years
Codename: Obtvse
New Cities
Microsoft, Google, Facebook Back Apple in Blocked Phone Case
What Vizio was doing behind the TV screen
Minecraft creator says he’s canceled talks for Oculus Rift version
Please don't use Slack for FOSS projects
Dropbox Attempts To Kill Open Source Project
Amit Gupta needs you
Leaving the Mac App Store
The Motherfucking Manifesto For Programming, Motherfuckers
SCOTUS: Patent Rights Over a Printer Cartridge Are Exhausted When It Is Sold
Caltech Researchers Find Evidence of a Planet Beyond Pluto
Uber faces criminal probe over software used to evade authorities
“Warning: Do Not use my mirrors/services until I have reviewed the situation”
Superintelligence: The Idea That Eats Smart People
God's Lonely Programmer
Stop SOPA, save the Internet
Pencil
Developers who use spaces make more money than those who use tabs
FBI seized PokerStars.com, FullTiltPoker.com, UB.com,...  domain names
Bidding farewell to Google Code
Google Has Started Penalizing Mobile Websites with Intrusive Pop-Up Ads
Suicide
US Senate Report on CIA Detention and Interrogation Program
Firebase is Joining Google
Neovim
Welcome Chris Lattner
The Mac Pro Lives
The Future of Markdown
I'm not a Woman in Tech
Ask HN: Urgent connection to Twitter support
New Windows 10 Devices From Microsoft
18yo arrested for reporting a bug in the new Budapest e-Ticket system
Trackers
It all began with a strange email
Matrix Multiplication
Pornhub Bypasses Ad Blockers with WebSockets
Paralyzed man regains use of arms and hands after experimental stem cell therapy
Flat UI: Free Web User Interface Kit
Explosions near Boston Marathon finish line
How is GNU `yes` so fast?
'Happy Birthday' song copyright is not valid, judge rules
Dear Startups: stop asking me math puzzles to figure out if I can code
Why I now, unfortunately, hate Hacker News..
“Equation Group” ran the most advanced hacking operation ever uncovered
More Paypal nonsense
US Media Blacks Out Snowden Interview
The NYPD Was Ticketing Legally Parked Cars; Open Data Put an End to It
Louis C.K. experiment results: over $500,000 in 4 days
Hospital creates bidding war by posting pricing online
Ask HN: Pick startups for YC to fund
Extracting the SuperFish certificate
Why I Quit Being So Accommodating (1922)
How I Hacked Facebook and Found Someone's Backdoor Script
What I'd tell myself about startups if I could go back 5 years
Nokia acquired by Microsoft
The Case for Slow Programming
Bring a stick man to life.
Stack Overflow Outage Postmortem
Ellen Pao Is Stepping Down as Reddit’s Chief
Meteorite crash in Russia
Google says it will run entirely on renewable energy in 2017
GitHub commit search: “remove password”
MacBook Pro
Avoid Non-Microsoft Antivirus Software
Quake on an oscilloscope
Justice Department says it will end use of private prisons
Show HN: 6 months ago I quit my job to pursue indie dev. Here is our first game
Microsoft Band
What really happened aboard Air France 447
Wildcard Certificates Coming January 2018
Why I'm a Pirate
Slack was hacked
Understanding the bin, sbin, usr/bin , usr/sbin split
The average size of Web pages is now the average size of a Doom install
Stripe: Bitcoin
Tinker with a Neural Network in Your Browser
Supreme court: Warrantless cell phone searches illegal [pdf]
PhantomJS: Stepping down as maintainer
Being a Developer After 40
Canadian surgeons urge people to throw out bristle BBQ brushes
A federal court has denied a pre-trial motion to dismiss a GPL enforcement case
Microsoft Edge's JavaScript engine to go open-source
The Refragmentation
Web Scraping in 2016
Facebook Announces React Fiber, a Rewrite of Its React Framework
NASA’s Kepler Mission Discovers Bigger, Older Cousin to Earth
Calling All Hackers: Help Us Build an Open Wireless Router
Wikipedia blocked in Turkey
I’m Joining Stripe to Work on Atlas
Spaceship Generator
Ventusky – Weather data visualization
Ask HN: What's your favorite tech talk?
Images and video showing extent of Oroville dam damage
Show HN: I made an interactive Bootstrap 4 cheat sheet
Ask HN: Best business advice for software developers
Tell HN: Hello
Why Slack is inappropriate for open source communications
Hans Rosling has died
Image Synthesis from Yahoo's open_nsfw
Tesla Passes Ford by Market Value
Epic Games chief pays $15M to protect 7,000 acres of North Carolina wilderness
SpaceX Launch Livestream: CRS-8 Dragon Hosted Webcast
Xkcd "Click and Drag" in a "map" interface
BPG Image format
Container Tabs
For 40 Years, This Russian Family Was Cut Off From All Human Contact
Network Protocols
I switched to Android after 7 years of iOS
Bob Taylor Has Died
Roger Ebert dies at 70 after battle with cancer
Y Combinator has filed an official comment with the FCC
Bored People Quit
33GB of public domain JSTOR articles, and a manifesto
We are under attack
3D printed sundial whose precise holes cast a shadow displaying the current time
We Found Our Son in the Subway
Angular 2 Final Released
The Amazing iOS 6 Maps
Facebook acquires Instagram
The Truth About Aaron Swartz's "Crime"
What Is Ethereum?
Prepack helps make JavaScript code more efficient
The Boring Company [video]
Show HN: My SSH server knows who you are
The Indian sanitary pad revolutionary
Seeing AI for iOS
He got 1%, we can't hire him
Georgia Tech's free math textbook collective
NSA admits listening to U.S. phone calls without warrants
Path uploads your entire iPhone address book to its servers
What It's Like to Fail
I Got Myself Arrested So I Could Look Inside the Justice System
Chrome 59 has cross-platform headless support
I gave commit rights to someone I didn't know
This JPEG is also a webpage
An account of a serious medical emergency on a transoceanic flight
The Cuban CDN
I want the world to scroll this way
My Friends and I Bought an Island
Fully Functional 1KB Hard Drive in Vanilla Minecraft
Twitter refuses US order to disclose owner of anti-Trump account
The Horror in the Standard Library
HN: Please replace grayarrow.gif with Unicode character ▲
The DDoS that almost broke the Internet
George Orwell’s 1984 is currently the top selling book on Amazon
Bose Hearphones
A Brief Rant on the Future of Interaction Design
Google Puts Boston Dynamics Up for Sale in Robotics Retreat
Drug Goes from $13.50 a Tablet to $750, Overnight
Infinit announces Project Dropboxe
How in-app purchases have destroyed the game industry
Looking Forward: Support for Secure Shell
This is a bit f'd, Quora
Dear Skype/Microsoft: Problems with Linux client
Google Maps for iOS
Be My Eyes – Lend your eyes to the blind
Has the US become the type of nation from which you have to seek asylum?
Grand jury subpoena for Signal user data
BYOT: Bring your own team
CocoaPods downloads max out five GitHub server CPUs
My experience with using cp to copy 432 million files (39 TB)
Show HN: New calendar app idea
Acing the technical interview
OpenBSD will shut down if we do not have the funding to keep the lights on
GoDaddy has not withdrawn its official congressional support for SOPA
Google plans ad-blocking feature in Chrome browser
API Design Guide
Google supercharges machine learning tasks with TPU custom chip
Ask HN: Is web programming a series of hacks on hacks?
Tesla reports first quarterly profit in more than three years
RethinkDB versus PostgreSQL: my personal experience
A lesson on the importance of encouraging your children with their projects
Has There Been a Nuclear Incident in the Arctic?
An Email Thread Between a Developer and Gigster
Suite of 300 icons for web and user interface design
R.I.P. Ray Bradbury, Author of Fahrenheit 451 and The Martian Chronicles
Make the Metric system the standard in the United States
Seymour Papert has died
I was annoyed with sites asking for too many Facebook privileges and made this
Python moved to GitHub
TLDR Stock Options
Show HN: I've been writing daily TILs for a year
Smaller and faster data compression with Zstandard
Suspicious court cases, missing defendants, aim to get webpages taken down
Taking PHP Seriously
Confessions of an ex-TSA agent
Facebook Launches Flow, Static Type Checker for JavaScript
Doing Business in Japan
Git client vulnerability announced
How the Sugar Industry Shifted Blame to Fat
Alan Eustace Jumps from Stratosphere, Breaking Felix Baumgartner’s World Record
Project Tango
SpaceX lands rocket at sea second time after satellite launch
Total Nightmare: USB-C and Thunderbolt 3
Tesla Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested
Save Netflix
Bitcoin: the Stripe perspective
Sublime Text 2.0 Released
Ask HN: What are some books where the reader learns by building one project?
GitLab Pages
Debunking Princeton
Command-line tools can be faster than your Hadoop cluster
Apple RIP Logo design
Uber Now Tracks Passengers’ Locations Even After They’re Dropped Off
Chrome will aggressively throttle background tabs
Google Spreadsheets and Python
CockroachDB 1.0
Google is acquiring Kaggle
Bézier Clock
Fidel Castro has died
Larry Wall Unveils Perl 6.0.0
GitHub is undergoing a full-blown overhaul as execs and employees depart
You just went to the Google homepage. What actually happened?
NHTSA’s full investigation into Tesla’s Autopilot shows 40% crash rate reduction
EFF in Court to Argue NSA Collection from Internet Backbone Is Unconstitutional
The Quiet Ones
Why I was forced to shut down Lavabit
Ask HN: The “I want to do everything but end up doing nothing” dilemma
AI Playbook
Integrating GTA V into Universe
Announcing GVFS: Git Virtual File System
Showoff
The Other Half
Edward Snowden, Whistle-Blower
Facebook is misleading Indians with its full-page ads about Free Basics
Show HN: This page exists only if someone is looking at it
The future of Unreal Tournament begins today
Bootstra.386 – A Bootstrap theme from the 1980s
Kazakhstan to MitM all HTTPS traffic starting Jan 1
A Grain of Salt
The Absurdity of LinkedIn
Goodbye MongoDB, Hello PostgreSQL
Show HN: Twitch Installs Arch Linux – A cooperative text-based horror game
How Discord Scaled Elixir to 5M Concurrent Users
Browser auto-fill phishing
What I Would Do If I Ran Tarsnap
Subtle Patterns: Free textures for your next web project
Petition the Whitehouse to remove Carmen Ortiz from office
Reverse engineering guide for beginners: Methodology and tools
Pinboard Acquires Delicious
Ask HN: Successful one-person online businesses?
The Sixth Stage of Grief Is Retro-Computing
Google Acquires Boston Dynamics
Post-Mortem for Google Compute Engine’s Global Outage on April 11
No, I'm not going to download your bullshit app
An easter egg for one user: Luke Skywalker
Desktop Neo – rethinking the desktop interface for productivity
Show HN: Primitive for macOS
Investing for Geeks
Inceptionism:  Going Deeper into Neural Networks
How Silicon Valley CEOs conspired to drive down tech engineer wages
Brooklyn Judge: Feds Can't Use All Writs Act to Force Apple's Hand [pdf]
TrueCrypt suggesting migration to BitLocker?
14 years ago: the day Teller gave me the secret to my career in magic.
John Glenn has died
India Orders 32 Websites Blocked, Including GitHub, Archive.Org, Pastebin
Jessica Livingston’s Pretty Complete List on How Not to Fail
A Government Error Just Revealed Snowden Was the Target in the Lavabit Case
Node.js and io.js are merging under the Node Foundation
A previously unnoticed property of prime numbers
The Limitations of Deep Learning
Don't Be A Free User
Cowards
Phoenix 1.0
Paper Planes
SQLite developer must have received a lot of phone calls
The DROWN Attack
Donald Trump Is Elected President
Windows 93 (2014)
Sam Altman for President
A letter to our daughter
What Dreams May Come
I’m a freelance copywriter
How the Maker of TurboTax Fought Free, Simple Tax Filing (2013)
Samsung Acquires Joyent
Show HN: Codecademy.com, the easiest way to learn to code
Boom (YC W16) – Supersonic Passenger Airplanes
A VC-funded startup called WhosHere is trying to steal my social network
Painting with Code: Introducing our new open source library React Sketch.app
A Thank-You Note to the Hacker News Community from Ubuntu
Ultimate Tic Tac Toe
I am not a self-made man
Patent war goes nuclear: Microsoft, Apple-owned “Rockstar” sues Google
Waymo: Google's self-driving car company
World Energy Hits a Turning Point: Solar That's Cheaper Than Wind
Let Snowden Come Home
CyberChef – A Cyber Swiss Army Knife
The Silencing of Maya
Julie Rubicon
Whiteboard Clock
Rob "CmdrTaco" Malda Resigns From Slashdot
Donald Trump’s Contract with the American Voter [pdf]
Feds Threatened to Fine Yahoo $250K Daily for Not Complying with NSA's PRISM
#c0ffee is the color
Steam Controller
Qualities that I believe make the most difference in programmers’ productivity
Wikileaks: Julian Assange's internet access 'cut'
What programming languages are used most on weekends?
The purpose of DRM is not to prevent copyright violations (2013)
Level3 is without peer, now what to do?
Pokemon Go is a huge security risk
Textmate2 Goes Open Source
HandBrake 1.0.0 Released
Facebook Loses Much Face In Secret Smear On Google
Send money with Gmail
Ask HN: What was your best passive income in 2016?
I got arrested in Kazakhstan and represented myself in court
Node.js in Flame Graphs
Linux Foundation quietly drops community representation
Blowing the Whistle on the UC Berkeley Mathematics Department
Show HN: Pangoly – Build your shiny new PC
Create React Apps with No Configuration
Verizon's accidental mea culpa
The Feynman Lectures on Physics, Volume I
After 3072 hours of manipulating BGP, a Nyancat was drawn on this RIPE interface
Nasa just made all its research available online for free
Keep calm & carry on: What you didn't know about the reddit story
Euro MPs back end-to-end encryption for all citizens
Helping a Million Developers Exit Vim
Yale censored a student's course catalog site. I made an unblockable replacement
How I attacked myself using Google and I ramped up a $1000 bandwidth bill
Explain Shell
Here's how I deal with users who steal
A customer reported an error in the map used by Flight Simulator
US government commits to publish publicly financed software under FOSS licenses
Bootstrap 2.0, From Twitter
Restore the Fourth
Otto, the successor to Vagrant
Dark spot under cockpit of A-10s
Procrastination is Not Laziness
Voxel.css
A Farewell to FRP
Induction powered LED lit engagement ring
The Worst
BitTorrent’s Secure Dropbox Alternative Goes Public
How to steal a developer's local database
The Star Wars Route: Do a traceroute to 216.81.59.173
United States loses AAA credit rating from S&P
Mexican Newspaper Shuts Down, Saying It Is Too Dangerous to Continue
Semantic UI
Polymagnets
When Your Former Boss Sues You for Starting a Startup
Music theory for nerds
Show HN: My x86 emulator written in JavaScript
PHP: A fractal of bad design
Girls and Software
How to make a friend fast
Stop using tail -f (mostly)
Mercury Spill
Whistleblower uncovers London police hacking of journalists and protestors
German research institutions boycott Elsevier
Show HN: A tool that transforms your whole list with just one example
Pixels don’t care
Diaspora Co-Founder Ilya Zhitomirskiy Passes Away At 21
Ubershaders: A Ridiculous Solution to an Impossible Problem
Citus Unforks from PostgreSQL, Goes Open Source
E Ink announces a full color electrophoretic ePaper display
Google Glass
GitHub responds to Dear GitHub letter
How to be like Steve Ballmer
Ask HN: Why the Microsoft hate?
If you opened your PayPal account before you were 18, close it
Beautiful Online SICP
ASUS delivers BIOS/UEFI auto-updates over HTTP with no verification
Intent to Deprecate and Remove: Trust in Existing Symantec-Issued Certificates
Design Tip: Never Use Black
Show HN: My seven minute workout timer evening project
Sci-Hub: Removing barriers in the way of science
fork() can fail
The Web We Have to Save
One of the FBI’s Major Claims in the iPhone Case Is Fraudulent
Defeated
WebAssembly Browser Preview
What Makes a McMansion Bad Architecture?
ChakraCore GitHub repository is now open
We turned $140k on Kickstarter into $40k debt and broke even
Chess.com stopped working on 32bit iPads because 2^31 games have been played
The price of solar power just fell 50% in 16 months
Growing Ubuntu for Cloud and IoT, Rather Than Phone and Convergence
Employees are happier when led by people with deep expertise
Microsoft makes source code for MS-DOS and Word for Windows available to public
T-Shirts Unravelled
European leaders call for open access to all scientific papers by 2020 (2016)
iPhone 7
Dropbox has open-sourced Zulip
WebKit is now 100% ES6 complete
Text of the Trans-Pacific Partnership
Google Cloud SQL for Postgres
Fun with math: Dividing one by 998001 yields a surprising result
Bruce Schneier joins EFF Board of Directors
What Happens Next Will Amaze You
Pixar in a Box – Khan Academy
Car allergic to vanilla ice cream (2000)
Linode hacked, CCs and passwords leaked
Safari is the new IE
It is as if you were doing work
TTIP Leaks
A subway-style diagram of the major Roman roads, based on the Empire ca. 125 AD
White House Response to “Make Unlocking Cell Phones Legal”
HP to Contribute webOS to Open Source
How I Built a Custom Camper Van (2015)
Google, what were you thinking?
Dear Googles: Stop asking
What's Really Warming the World?
How Not To Sort By Average Rating
Feynman Lectures on Physics now free online
Vermeer's paintings might be 350 year-old color photographs
Daring Fireball: Universe Dented, Grass Underfoot
U.S. charges Edward Snowden with espionage
NSA phone surveillance program likely unconstitutional, federal judge rules
Adblock Plus is probably the reason Firefox and Chrome are such memory hogs
Shipping Rust code in Firefox
Petition to Pardon Edward Snowden
Show HN: Something pointless I made
The Five Stages of Hosting
Guide to Remote Work
The Frameless Geodesic Dome I currently live in
Tota11y
Show HN: Automatic weekly meal planner, also plans your leftovers
Forgotten Employee (2002)
Show HN: I made a database of remote companies
Toward Go 2
What really happened at PyCon 2013
U.S. top court tightens patent suit rules in blow to ‘patent trolls’
U.S. Drops California Case Against Apple After Accessing iPhone
100,000 stars
An Unexpected Ass Kicking
Please don't learn to code
I quit my job last March and it was a bad idea.
Bill Gates takes part in Reddit's Secret Santa
Amazon Dash Button
Reverse OCR
Soylent halts sales of its powder as customers keep getting sick
TSA Pressures Mainstream Media Not To Cover Story
I'm giving up on PGP
PostgreSQL 9.4 Released
Magic-Wormhole – Get things from one computer to another, safely
AI generated music to improve focus, relaxation and sleep
Verizon closes $4.5B acquisition of Yahoo, Marissa Mayer resigns
Dear Mark Zuckerberg
Dropbox Project Infinite
Flickr gets new UI, new Android app, 1 TB free space
Python is now the most popular introductory language at top U.S. universities
Page Dewarping
Microsoft UI has officially entered the realm of self-parody
Organizing complexity is the most important skill in software development
This Guy Has My MacBook
Kit Kat's homepage is currently a parody of Android announcement page
Gene Amdahl has died
P ≠ NP
Accidentally destroyed production database on first day of a job
What Happens When You Install the Top Download.com Apps
Ripgrep – A new command line search tool
Show HN: Ditch Black Text to Read Faster, Easier
RethinkDB: An open-source distributed database built with love over three years
Results of the GitHub Investigation
The Pixel Factory
On average, skipping college and investing tuition costs nets a higher return
The next version of DuckDuckGo
I’m Terrified of My New TV
Megafail
Music for Programming
The Facebook Algorithm Mom Problem
Unfit for work
An Engineer’s guide to Stock Options
A Decade-Old Gag Order, Lifted
Introducing MIR
Add Reactions to Pull Requests, Issues, and Comments
Gotham 7.5K: A Rare High Altitude Night Flight Above NYC
Bootstrapping a SaaS Startup from Scratch
Nest Reminds Customers That Ownership Isn't What It Used to Be
Oracle v. Google - Judge Alsup Rules APIs Not Protected By Copyright
Jolla
Packets of Death
The Fight
HN comments are underrated
RethinkDB joins the Linux Foundation: What Happens Next
Up and Down the Ladder of Abstraction
Is Facebook a Structural Threat to Free Society?
Autodraw – Fast Drawing for Everyone
There is no point to distributing music in 24-bit/192kHz format.
The Nobel Prize in Literature 2016 awarded to Bob Dylan
Richard Stallman Was Right All Along
Get HTTPS for free
Why Uber Engineering Switched from Postgres to MySQL
Megaprocessor – A micro-processor built large
EFF Wins Petition to Inspect and Modify Car Software
Are You A Typing Hacker? Prove It
Big Company vs. Startup Work and Compensation
Are coders worth it?
Largest-ever study of controversial pesticides finds harm to bees
This Is Not a Day Care. It’s a University
Blink: A rendering engine for the Chromium project
Kim Jong-il's Sushi Chef
Node.js v6.0 Released
Show HN: A guide to all HTML5 elements and attributes
Megaprocessor
Operation Rosehub – patching thousands of open-source projects
Show HN: Tesseract.js – Pure JavaScript OCR for 60 Languages
Civilized Discourse Construction Kit
Dark Patterns by the Boston Globe
Jonathan's Card
Oculus Rift co-founder killed by gang trying to escape police
Bitbucket now rocks Git
Fired? Speak No Evil
To my daughter's high school programming teacher
Android Studio 1.0
The Monaco Code Editor
Blockchain Demo [video]
Verdict for Google in Oracle's patent infringement case
“People simply empty out”
Trouble at the Koolaid Point
Cloudflare’s fight with a “patent troll” could alter the game
Apple's Mistake
Windows 10 for Raspberry Pi 2
Apple rejecting applications which use Dropbox
Pastejacking
Git from the inside out
Help the Gnome Foundation Defend the Gnome Trademark Against Groupon
Yahoo Hacked
Removing Python 2.x support from Django for version 2.0
Learn TensorFlow and deep learning, without a Ph.D.
7 Rejections
Alphabet Becomes the Most Valuable Public Company in the World
Leaping Brain's "Virtually Uncrackable" DRM is just an XOR with "RANDOM_STRING"
Affordable Care
An iOS Developer Takes on Android
Live Coding in VR with Oculus Rift, Firefox WebVR, JavaScript, Three.js [video]
Don't add your 2 cents
Lyft and Waymo Reach Deal to Collaborate on Self-Driving Cars
Dear Google Mail Team
No New Accounts Today
New York City bans employers from asking potential workers about past salary
Three Years as a One-Man Startup
Announcing .NET Core 1.0
Richard Lynch, an awesome PHP community guy and former colleague needs our help
Page Weight Matters
Show HN: Kimono – Never write a web scraper again
Salesforce Buys Heroku (YC W08)  For $212 Million In Cash
Learn Git Branching
Edward Snowden: The Untold Story
Taping of Farm Cruelty Is Becoming the Crime
Asking the U.S. to allow Google to publish more national security request data
$80k/month App Store Scam
My time with Rails is up
Htop explained
Ask HN: What programming blogs do you read daily?
Show HN: Weekend project, Intro.js
Amazon Will Ban Sale of Apple, Google Video-Streaming Devices
New Requests for Startups
A Woman’s Story
Postal: Open source mail delivery platform, alternative to Mailgun or Sendgrid
Larry Page addresses PRISM
Spotify moves its back end to Google Cloud
Firesheep: Easy HTTP session hijacking from within Firefox
Containers vs. Zones vs. Jails vs. VMs
Apple - Think Twice
Some bad Git situations and how I got myself out of them
Good riddance, PayPal
Firefox Hello
Freedom and security issues on x86 platforms
I found Prezi's source code
Google Cardboard
Stanford Professor Loses Political Battle To Simplify Tax Filing Process
What Doesn't Seem Like Work?
Google Kills Wave
Build a digital clock in Conway's Life
Universal SSL
Why's that company so big? I could do that in a weekend
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (November 2016)
Password Rules Are Bullshit
Minoca OS: A new open source operating system
Don't use Hadoop when your data isn't that big
Antisocial Coding: My Year at GitHub
Amazon’s $23,698,655.93 book about flies
Font Awesome, the pictographic font designed for use with Twitter Bootstrap
Only 90s Web Developers Remember This
Facebook admits it must do more to stop the spread of misinformation
You’re not anonymous. I know your name, email, and company.
Don’t Be Evil: How Google Screwed a Startup
A decentralized web would give power back to the people online
Square Cash
Hexagonal grids for games
You are committing a crime right now
CoreCLR is now open source
Docker 1.0
Operating Systems: From 0 to 1
Two things about SOPA/PIPA and then I'll shut up
The Drone that Killed my Grandson
Rolling Shutters
Inside Amazon: Wrestling Big Ideas in a Bruising Workplace
Amazon stops selling Sim City V over game issues
Everything You Know About Fitness is a Lie (2011)
I Bought A Firetruck
AlphaGo Beats Lee Sedol in Final Game
Employees Who Stay in Companies Longer Than Two Years Get Paid 50% Less
Tesla Makes Offer to Acquire SolarCity
The Presence of One’s Own Smartphone Reduces Available Cognitive Capacity
µBlock for Firefox
GitHub's new text editor leaked on Twitter
Making the web fun again
Don't use MongoDB
Machine Learning and Ketosis
A SWAT team blew a hole in my 2-year-old son
No More Deceptive Download Buttons
Groklaw legal site shuts over fears of NSA email snooping
Meet Watsi, Y Combinator's First Nonprofit
An Indian Inventor Disrupts The Period Industry
GoDaddy: A glimpse of the Internet under SOPA
Apple starts rejecting apps with “hot code push” features
The Fight for the “Right to Repair”
The Other Side of Diversity
X to close
Linus' reply on Git and SHA-1 collision
Newegg vs. Patent Trolls: When We Win, You Win
Mea Culpa: GitHub works well, my mistake made them look bad
Before the Startup
Oh My Gosh, It’s Covered in Rule 30s
4-bit calculator made from cardboard and marbles
Uber wants access to browsing history, bookmarks, and running apps
Black Swan Farming
Squash your commits
Apple now rejecting apps with Pebble Smartwatch support
Save Firefox
Your own company? You can do it (2011)
Require-from-Twitter
I am under surveillance by Canadian agents, my computer has been backdoored
Pirated Courses on Udemy
People Call Me Aaron
Update on Julie Horvath's Departure
Fake Linus Torvalds' Key Found in the Wild, No More Short-IDs
Britons: You Have 72 Hours to Stop the Snooper's Charter
Toshiba says they made a mistake but they still cannot help me
Secret app on millions of phones logs key taps
Deep Learning for Coders – Launching Deep Learning Part 2
Mozilla urges its users to raise their voice against SOPA
Patio11 says Hello Ladies
Ex-Googler says she exposed company-wide pay inequality with spreadsheet
There's no speed limit (2009)
Dear Boss: For a programmer, 10 minutes = 3 hours
Ask HN: How do I switch from being a passive consumer to an active producer?
Death of a Programmer, Life of a Farmer
Megaupload down, FBI Charges Seven With Online Piracy
Side projects
Two HN Announcements
Why is every story on Uber Delhi driver raping a passenger getting instakilled?
Ubuntu for Android
Look, no hands
The Challenge of Making Friends as an Adult
Man saves wife’s sight by 3D printing her brain tumor
My fellow geeks, we need to have a talk.
My Roommate's a Genius
Why privacy is important, and having “nothing to hide” is irrelevant
You are not running out of time
Youth expelled from Montreal college after finding security flaw
Massive, Illicit Bust of Edward Snowden Stuck to a War Monument in Brooklyn
Ian's Shoelace Site
How Product Hunt really works
Namecheap live chat social engineering leads to loss of 2 VPS
Fucking Sue Me
Now, I can see wifi signals
Why I left Mac for Windows: Apple has given up
Web GL Ocean Simulation
ASCII Delimited Text – Not CSV or TAB delimited text
React v15.0
A hands-on introduction to video technology: image, video, codec and more
Machine Learning from scratch: Bare bones implementations in Python
Recursive Drawing
Let them paste passwords
Are You a Robot? Introducing “No CAPTCHA ReCAPTCHA”
Too many people have peed in the pool
How to Tell a Mother Her Child Is Dead
Notch gives his $3,000,000 Minecraft dividend to his employees
Evidence-based advice we've found on how to be successful in a job
A story about &lt;input&gt;
Google permanently bans popular application from Play for not using IAP
Uncensorable Wikipedia on IPFS
Sqrt(x*x+y*y)+3*cos(sqrt(x*x+y*y))+5 from -20 to 20
Ask HN: What's your favorite HN post?
How to start a company with no free time
China's Man-On-the-Side Attack on GitHub
Dr. Arjun Srinivasan: We’ve Reached “The End of Antibiotics, Period”
Lessons from 3,000 technical interviews
Hackers Remotely Attack a Jeep on the Highway
Why I will never pursue cheating again
Automatic: Your Smart Driving Assistant
Solar Roof
Ubuntu's Bug #1 is fixed
Workers Leaving the Googleplex
Scott Adams: How to Be Successful
The moving sofa problem
Chrome removes Backspace to go back
European Commission fines Google €2.42B for abusing dominance
Web fonts, boy, I don't know
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (February 2017)
Moon
Don't Copy-Paste from Website to Terminal
Put.io
Incredibox - Background music for programming.
What Happened to Yahoo
Google algorithm change launched
Conway's Game of Life, using floating point values instead of integers
How We Went from 30 Servers to 2: Go
UnGoogled Chromium: Chromium with enhanced privacy, control and transparency
The Cab Ride I'll Never Forget
What Hard Drive Should I Buy?
How to never complete anything
My winter break project — Silk
Internet giants place full-page anti-SOPA ad in NYT
New: Apply to Y Combinator without an Idea
India Is Winning Its War on Human Waste
Why Do Google Maps’s City Labels Seem So Readable?
How to Advertise on a Porn Website
Magic+
Edward Snowden, after months of NSA revelations, says his mission’s accomplished
How You Know
RethinkDB Relicensed under Apache 2.0
Microsoft Edge records browsing history in InPrivate mode
Go is moving to GitHub
Neural Networks Demystified
Is it unethical for me to not tell my employer I've automated my job?
Apple ordered to bypass auto-erase on San Bernadino shooter's iPhone
Sacked by a Google algorithm
Ask HN: What are some examples of successful single-person businesses?
Sergey Brin joins protest against immigration order at SFO
What the Fluck
Google: Bing Is Cheating, Copying Our Search Results
Asteroids JavaScript Bookmarklet to blow up any web site
When You Are Depressed, Make Something
Google to Acquire Nest
Cognitive bias cheat sheet
India bans discriminatory pricing based on source/destination/app/content
Author of cURL denied entry to the USA
Study Finds No Gender Gap in Tech Salaries
Show HN: Probabilistically Generating HN Post Titles
Practical Deep Learning for Coders
Chicago Police Hid Mics, Destroyed Dashcams to Block Audio, Records Show
Google Will Soon Start Punishing Mobile Sites that Use Annoying App Install Ads
SF’s Housing Crisis Explained
Google’s look, evolved
The Top Of My Todo List
The NSA story reinforces why an entity like WikiLeaks is important
In defence of Douglas Crockford
2038: Only 21 years away
“Just remove the duck” (2013)
I no longer understand my PhD dissertation
Official Statement from the family and partner of Aaron Swartz
Kathy Sierra: Your app makes me fat
Basic Data Structures and Algorithms in the Linux Kernel
Dear Internet: It's no Longer OK Not to Know How Congress Works
I took "abusing the HTML5 History" to the next level.
David Miranda, schedule 7 and the danger that all reporters now face
An Open Letter to HN from EFF, Demand Progress, and Cory Doctorow
Docker without Docker
Show HN: I spent a year making an electro-mechanical prototype of a liquid clock
HN Spoof
How to leak to the press
What if jobs are not the solution but the problem?
GitHub for Mac
Replacing Photoshop with NSString
Android overtakes Windows as the internet’s most used operating system
What It Costs to Run Let's Encrypt
Eric Schmidt: On April 4th I Will Step Down, Larry Page to be CEO
Congratulations You’ve Been Fired
Stripe Is the New PayPal
FCC approves plan to consider paid priority on Internet
Options vs. Cash
Electron 1.0 is here
Miyazaki Tribute
Uber Investigating Sexual Harassment Claims by Ex-Employee
EFF’s Game Plan for Ending Global Mass Surveillance
8.9 earthquake hits Japan
High Frequency Dating
Google Abandons Open Standards for Instant Messaging
Raspberry Pi 3 on Sale
Being deaf
Free React.js Fundamentals Course
Why Google Went Offline Today and a Bit about How the Internet Works
Travis CI: From Open to Minimum Vacation Policy
The State of JavaScript in 2015
Abandoned island in the middle of NYC
Lyft surges to the top 10 on App Store following the “DeleteUber” campaign
Show HN: Parinfer – a simpler way to write Lisp
Don't Talk to Corp Dev
Muhammad Ali has died
Chaos Computer Clubs Breaks Iris Recognition System of the Samsung Galaxy S8
Worse
Meeting A Troll
If this then that
Show HN: Dply – Free temporary Linux servers
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (July 2015)
Patio11's perspective on the Japan Earthquake
NSA shares raw intelligence including Americans' data with Israel
Standard Notes – A notes app with a focus on longevity, portability, and privacy
Who Will Command the Robot Armies?
A town of about 200 people, almost all of whom live in the same building
Crying
Autocomplete from Stack Overflow
Mint.com turns 404 ad page into date ad for developer
Choose hotels by the quality of their WiFi
FBI Admits It Controlled Tor Servers Behind Mass Malware Attack
Goodbye, Malcolm
India has banned disposable plastic in Delhi
Solved by Flexbox
Dropbox’s Exodus from the Amazon Cloud
Tell HN: Let's Be Civil
Firefox 4 is here
Tesla Repays Department of Energy Loan Nine Years Early
Fifth Circuit holds that First Amendment protects the right to record the police [pdf]
Please Don't Become Anything, Especially Not A Programmer
Ask HN: What's the best computer science book you've read recently?
Reasons not to use (i.e., be used by) Facebook
Software Engineering Internship Amazon Interview Experience
Amazon's Tepid Response to Counterfeiters Frustrates Sellers
In Memoriam: Christopher Hitchens, 1949–2011
The Gift
What happens when a culture is driven by the need for money to make more money
Moto 360
Where can I fly for how much?
Reddit CEO admits to altering user comments that were critical of him
You know, Google, the web already had this feature
My Livecoding.tv account deletion saga
Bloody Plant Burger Smells, Tastes and Sizzles Like Meat
Brave: Brendan Eich's clean-ads browser startup
Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation using Cycle-Consistent Adversarial Networks
Nate Silver correctly called 50 out of 50 states
White House urges ban on non-compete agreements for many workers
Creator of "Dirty Jobs" Mike Rowe testifies to Congress
Who Y Combinator Companies Want
Man jailed 16 months, and counting, for refusing to decrypt hard drives
The closest I've ever come to falling for a Gmail phishing attack
What Google Learned from Its Quest to Build the Perfect Team
The Lowdown on Lidar
The Final Leaked TPP Text Is All That We Feared
The One-Person Product
BetterExplained: Math Lessons That Explain Concepts
Microsoft Solitaire was developed by a summer intern
Show HN: Twenty
TiltBrush by Google
Don't copy paste from a website to a terminal
A simple guide for getting started with git
I decided to disable AMP on my site
I'm the guy who bought 259684 Bitcoins for under $3000 yesterday
VMWare Taken to Court Over GPL Violation
Federal judge stays deportations of travelers in Trump immigration order
Turkish Citizenship Database Leaked
Announcing Pipenv
This is what happens when one guy practices art every day for nine years
HTML5 Genetic Cars
Everest is littered with dead, exposed bodies
Rails 5.0: Action Cable, API mode, and more
Visual Studio for Mac
Mac Pro
Fucking Sue Me (2011)
Grasshopper 100m Lateral Divert Test
What the CIA WikiLeaks Dump Tells Us: Encryption Works
Introducing Google Drive... yes, really
What if Hollywood had to use tech like we have to watch movies?
YC AI
Why not just a simple spreadsheet of salaries?
How Doctors Die
ASCII interactive fluid animation
Are Your Programmers Working Hard, Or Are They Lazy?
Ask HN: 16-hour work week jobs?
Noncompete Clauses: Signing Away the Right to Get a New Job
Show HN: Bocker – Docker implemented in 100 lines of bash
This AI Boom Will Also Bust
Building an open source Nest
Time.is
Privacy – Forget Your Credit Card
Vim 8.0 released
Coming Soon to Hacker News: Pending Comments
We have an employee whose last name is Null. He kills our employee lookup (2012)
White House Bars NYT, CNN, and Politico from Briefing
“Dear Mark. I am writing this to inform you that I shall not comply”
Why was a scam company able to raise $76 Million Series B?
“I was just asked to balance a Binary Search Tree by JFK's airport immigration”
PostgreSQL 9.5: UPSERT, Row Level Security, and Big Data
Notch trying jsFiddle
Warren Buffett’s Best Investment
Mental health is still an issue in the workplace
We Need a Better PC
Facebook Ordered to Stop Collecting Data on WhatsApp Users in Germany
Reverse-engineering the Starbucks ordering API
Sent $35,104.11 USD to CoinBase. Never received Bitcoins
Ask HN: What problem in your industry is a potential startup?
Akamai takes Brian Krebs’ site off its servers after ‘record’ cyberattack
Everything's broken and nobody's upset
Introducing Pebble Time
Cops are asking Ancestry.com and 23andMe for their customers’ DNA
If you've nothing to hide, you've got nothing to fear
Ask HN: What is the biggest untapped opportunity for startups?
Getting Started with Headless Chrome
Snowden: NSA just lost control of its Top Secret arsenal of digital weapons
MathBox 2
Reform Government Surveillance
Adam
How I Ruined Office Productivity with a Face-Replacing Slack Bot
Obama Promises Disappear from Web
Tron Legacy (2010)
Windows NT Kernel Contributor Explains Why Performance is Behind Other OS
Little Things I Like to Do with Git
This Man Thinks He Never Has to Eat Again
New NSA Leak Shows MITM Attacks Against Major Internet Services
What happens when you wring out a washcloth in space [video]
A living death: Sentenced to die behind bars for what?
AngelList acquires Product Hunt
Good News You May Have Missed in 2014
Txt.fyi
Hacked: commit to rails master on GitHub
Almost Nothing About the ‘Apple Harvests Gold from iPhones’ Story Is True
Profits are too high. America needs a giant dose of competition
Robert M. Pirsig has died
Amazon Web Services in Plain English (2015)
Goodbye PNaCl, Hello WebAssembly
The Recruiter Honeypot
Fuck passwords
Bootstrap 4 alpha
How AirBnB Became a Billion Dollar Company
Attacking Tor: How the NSA targets users' online anonymity
Please Learn to Code
Kofi Annan on Why It's Time to Legalize Drugs
Telegram founder: US intelligence tried to bribe us to weaken encryption
An 18 Year Old Buys a Mainframe [video]
Tell HN: Apply HN apology and revision
How to Improve a Legacy Codebase
Raspberry Pi Zero W, with Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, priced at $10
Mining Bitcoin with pencil and paper: 0.67 hashes per day
Some Dark Patterns Now Illegal in UK
U.S. NSA domestic phone spying program illegal: appeals court
How are zlib, gzip and Zip related? (2013)
GitHub under ongoing DDoS attack
Dear Spike Lee
Apollo 11 Guidance Computer source code
Handwriting to LaTeX maths
Amit Gupta hasn't found a marrow transplant match; today's your last chance.
Maru OS – A complete desktop experience on a smartphone
If I get hit by a truck...
Linus Torvalds: Successful projects are 99% perspiration and 1% innovation
Bullshit
Not OK, Google
I decided to make a graphics card for my Amiga 2000
Britain passed the “most extreme surveillance law ever passed in a democracy”
Modern JavaScript for Ancient Web Developers
Artem vs. Predator
Tricks to Monetize Your Side Projects
Buttery Smooth Emacs
Spidermonkey has passed V8 on Octane performance
#define CTO
Announcing Ubuntu Core, with snappy transactional updates
Hackers Are Hijacking Phone Numbers and Breaking into Email, Bank Accounts
Secret Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement
Talking About Money
“MP3 is dead” missed the real, much better story
Solar-panel "trees" really are inferior
Why I Quit Being So Accommodating (1922)
The Top Idea in Your Mind
US and Israel created Stuxnet, lost control of it
How I helped destroy Star Wars Galaxies
Vim 8.0 is coming
A Single Div
Welcome Peter
13-Year-Old Makes Solar Power Breakthrough by Harnessing the Fibonacci Sequence
You might not need JavaScript
How to Sleep
Advice From An Old Programmer
Cloudflare data still in Bing caches
Moving 12 years of email from GMail to FastMail
Plastc Card
Why we don't hire programmers based on puzzles and tricks
AntiSec leaks 1,000,001 Apple UDIDs, Device Names/Types
Fraudulent trading activity at Mt. Gox
Why I turned down $500K and shut down my startup
Ask HN: Is it possible to run your own mail server for personal use?
Show HN: Make an app by adding JSON to this app
An Open Letter to the Uber Board and Investors
iOS 7
I Have 50 Dollars
Encryption, Privacy Are Larger Issues Than Fighting Terrorism
How to nap
Producer vs. Consumer
To Paul Graham
Write like you talk
B. B. King, Defining Bluesman for Generations, Dies at 89
TensorFlow 1.0 Released
“Citizenfour” Awarded Oscar for Best Documentary in 2014
Andrew Mason's statement about being fired as Groupon CEO
Federal Judge Finds National Security Letters Unconstitutional, Bans Them
Xcode, GCC, and Homebrew
Higgs Boson Explained by Cartoon
Mistakes You Should Never Make
Mozilla Webrender: rendering any webpage at several hundred FPS
“It’s done, there is no way back. We tried, we failed”
Choose GitLab for your next open source project
Paul Graham's Letter to YC Companies
Comcast injects JavaScript into webpages to show copyright notices to customers
Go Daddy No Longer Supports SOPA
The most mentioned books on Stack Overflow
A Note from one of Cloudflare's upstream providers
The Sugru story
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (June 2016)
The Fathers of the Internet Urge Today’s Software Engineers to Reinvent the Web
Lens Blur in the new Google Camera app
Show HN: I open-sourced my web app alternative to Illustrator
Should All Research Papers Be Free?
Letter To A Young Programmer Considering A Startup
I understood gender discrimination once I added “Mr.” to my resume
Hello from Orkut
Seriously.js
Times Pulls Article Blaming Encryption in Paris Terror Attack
The Strange Case of Barrett Brown
Developer Preview – EC2 Instances with Programmable Hardware
Introducing Lottie: Airbnb's tool for adding animations to native apps
2015 Chromebook Pixel
Snowden: FBI obscuring crucial details in Apple case
Scala Native v0.1
Great HN parody
German Girl Turned Away at Border Due to Private Facebook Messages
New NIST password guidelines: don't require character types or rotation
Learn C and build your own Lisp
Researchers Could Have Uncovered Volkswagen’s Emissions Cheat If Not for DMCA
Steve Jobs Resigns as Apple CEO (Official Letter)
Get your loved ones off Facebook
A Basic Income Should Be the Next Big Thing
The Problem with AMP
Hacker Monthly #1 is here
The Marco.org Review of John Siracusa’s Review of OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion
First Mechanical Gear Found in a Living Creature
Apple fans are coming to hate Apple software
The Intel ME subsystem can take over your machine, can't be audited
How Bank of America Gave Away My Money
Amazon flipped a default and made me thousands of dollars
How Google’s Web Crawler Bypasses Paywalls
Judge sentences Bradley Manning to 35 years
Larry Page: I’d Rather Leave My Billions to Elon Musk Than to Charity
A Great Response to a Cease and Desist Letter
LiChess: Learn from your mistakes
Ask HN: Are we overcomplicating software development?
The Sound So Loud That It Circled the Earth Four Times
Show HN: NomadList – The best cities to live and work remotely in
Mr Robot S02E01 easter egg
Dark Patterns – User Interfaces Designed to Trick People [video]
Eight years today
The Website That Got Me Expelled
Craig Steven Wright claims to be Satoshi Nakamoto
I ended up paying $150 for a single 60GB download from Amazon Glacier
Introducing our smart contact lens project (for diabetics)
iPhone App will not stay open - just flashes when trying to launch
It's Time to Break Up the NSA (2014)
Screenshots from developers and Unix people taken in 2002
Mastering Bash and Terminal
How Newegg crushed the “shopping cart” patent and saved online retail
Swiss to vote on 2,500 franc basic income for every adult
Someone just made a $147,239,214 Bitcoin transfer
Guy unknowingly live tweets the Osama raid in Abbottabad
Exposing high-end poker cheating devices
Why we chose Vue.js
Intel to Cut 12,000 Jobs, Forecast Misses Amid PC Blight
Depixelizing Pixel Art
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (July 2017)
React Native for OS X
FingerIO: Using Active Sonar for Fine-Grained Finger Tracking
Justice Department Wants Apple to Unlock Nine More iPhones
Out of all major energy sources, nuclear is the safest
DuckDuckGo on CNBC: We’ve grown 600% since NSA surveillance news broke
Medical error is third biggest cause of death in the US, experts say
F.C.C. Is Expected to Propose Regulating the Internet as a Utility
Home Computers Connected to the Internet Aren't Private, Court Rules
The Web We Lost
The Birth and Death of JavaScript [video]
Aaron Swartz died three years ago today
TV is broken
Tilde.Club: I had a couple drinks and woke up with 1,000 nerds
New human-like species discovered
Using the wrong dictionary
An Advanced Guide to HTML and CSS
Get Your Shit Together
Aaron Swartz, Asking For Help, 119 Days Ago
Police ask for whole city's Google searches, and a judge says yes
I Am Sam Altman, President of Y Combinator.  AMA
Io.js 1.0.0
Please remove mitsuhiko/*
I swapped my MacBook for an iPad+Linode
Privilege and Inequality in Silicon Valley
Google’s not-so-secret new OS
Announcing Online MS in Computer Science in Collaboration with Georgia Tech
Creator of xkcd Reveals Secret Backstory of His Epic 3,990-Panel Comic
A Dust Over India
Internet.org Is Not Neutral, Not Secure, and Not the Internet
A practical guide to securing macOS
Why Amazon Has No Profits and Why It Works
Linus Torvalds: Make 2560x1600 the new standard laptop resolution
How Browsers Work
Facebook Messenger begins testing end-to-end encryption using Signal Protocol
A day in the life of a startup founder
Google Makes So Much Money, It Never Had to Worry About Financial Discipline
Flex
Removing User Interface Complexity, or Why React is Awesome
Neocities is implementing IPFS – distributed, permanent web
Introducing the Shift Card: Use Bitcoin where Visa is accepted
Eloquent JavaScript, Second Edition
Curse Of The Gifted (2000)
How Completely Messed Up Practices Become Normal
Ask HN: Books you wish you had read earlier?
The Secret History of Kim Jung Il -- written by one of his high school teachers
TensorKart: self-driving MarioKart with TensorFlow
Why Kakoune – The quest for a better code editor
Defending a website with Zip bombs
Fast.com: Netflix internet connection speed test
Tesla Adds Titanium Underbody Shield and Aluminum Deflector Plates to Model S
GoDaddy's SOPA Support Sparks Calls for Boycotts and Domain Transfers
Ask HN: What was your “why didn't I start doing this sooner” moment?
Dear Googles: G+/YouTube Anschluss – you've done outed me
Schneier removed from TSA oversight meeting at TSA request
Doom 3 source released
HyperTerm – JS/HTML/CSS Terminal
Darling – MacOS translation layer for Linux
LEDs may cause retinal toxicity at occupational domestic illuminance
Chelsea Manning released from prison
Stuff in Space
Android Studio 2.0 Released
Sci-Hub’s cache of pirated papers is so big, subscription journals are doomed
A Career in Science Will Cost You Your Firstborn
I have a bad feeling about this
Time to Dump Time Zones
It’s cheaper to build multiple native applications than one responsive web app
ToS;DR — TL;DR for Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Rosetta comet landing – live stream
The Best Birth Control In The World Is For Men
Psd.rb
Download a copy of your Gmail and Google Calendar data
Leaflet 1.0 – A JavaScript library for mobile-friendly interactive maps
Show HN: Carbide – A New Programming Environment
A violently true depiction of what war really is
Next.js 2.0
Instapainting – From $4k in debt to $32k/mo in passive revenue with no employees
WaveNet: A Generative Model for Raw Audio
Annotation is now a web standard
Cloud9 Acquired by Amazon
Microsoft Bot Framework
Kindle Unlimited scammers on Amazon
Satirical Summaries of Hacker News
A $10K tiny house 3D-printed in 24 hours
Lavabit Reloaded
A terrible tragedy: Dan Haubert of Ticketstumbler (fallentimes) has passed away
Box Breathing
Microsoft decides to automatically update Internet Explorer for everyone
When a crow dies, the other crows investigate the cause of death (2015)
Google Apps stops accepting free sign-ups
WebAssembly: Mozilla Won
Snowden: Stop Relying on Facebook for Your News
This should never happen
Show HN: Wavepot – Digital audio workstation of the web
A Visa for founders, engineers and investors willing to join France
The New Deal
Color Night Vision (2016) [video]
Kids can't use computers, and why it should worry you
Lockdown
Show HN: I Created the Inverse of Angry Birds
Employees leave managers, not companies
What Apple should tell you when you lose your iPhone
Bazel – Correct, reproducible, fast builds for everyone
Americans from Both Political Parties Overwhelmingly Support Net Neutrality
Oliver Sacks on learning he has terminal cancer
A birthday present from Broadcom
Algorithms
A real person, a lot like you
“Node.js is one of the worst things to happen to the software industry” (2012)
After 180 Websites, I’m Ready to Start the Rest of My Life as a Coder
More code review tools
A Designer's War on Misleading Parking Signs
How We Build Code at Netflix
Dropbox closing Carousel and Mailbox
Popcorn Time Is So Good at Movie Piracy, It’s Scary
CPU Utilization is Wrong
The Boring Company FAQ
Unix tricks
Paris Shootings and Explosions Kill Over 100, Police Say
Syncthing: Open Source Dropbox and BitTorrent Sync Replacement
Ross Ulbricht Sentenced to Life in Prison
Why Rackspace Is Suing The Most Notorious Patent Troll In America
Switch to HTTPS Now, For Free
Icon Ambulance
We now have an effective vaccine for Malaria
iTerm2 Version 3 Now in Beta
Not Hotdog App
Amazon Dash
Callbacks as our Generation's Goto Statement
Second Gravitational Wave Detected at LIGO
I am a fast webpage
Zillow forces McMansion Hell to delete posts
SpaceX returns to flight with Falcon 9 rocket launch
Why I Drilled Holes in My MacBook Pro and Put It in the Oven
Farm Hack: worldwide community of farmers that build and modify our own tools
Amy Goodman Is Facing Prison for Reporting on the Dakota Access Pipeline
Thank HN: 7 months ago, I asked for help. Now I've got 5 employees.
Android now supports Kotlin
A Letter from Tim Cook on Maps
Female Founders
Give it five minutes
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (October 2016)
Follow up to the investigation results
Carnegie Mellon CS Professor challenges Sony by mirroring Geohot's PS3 hacks
Apple Is Said to Be Working on an iPhone Even It Can’t Hack
Show HN: A virtual machine made with Google Sheets formulas (no script)
The Trouble with CloudFlare
SoundCloud could be forced to close after $44m losses
How I Fired Myself
Why do many math books have so much detail and so little enlightenment? (2010)
Announcing Git Large File Storage
PayPal CEO writes personal response
Throwing and catching an inverted pendulum with quadrocopters
Upspin – Another option for file sharing
Light Table Is On Kickstarter
How to damage your brand in one smooth shot - Way to GoDaddy
Puerto Rico files for biggest ever U.S. local government bankruptcy
Investing Returns on the S&P500
The First Browser Dedicated to Developers Is Coming
If Software Is Eating The World, Why Don't Coders Get Any Respect?
Google Talk Is Being Discontinued
The Patent Pledge
To Slow Global Warming, We Need Nuclear Power (Op-Ed)
From hacker to hospice in seven weeks
Next.js – A small framework for server-rendered universal JavaScript apps
Benefits of using tmux – streamlining your development environment
Redox – A Unix-Like Operating System Written in Rust
System76 is moving product design and manufacturing in house
Sprout
Optimism
1/9998 = 0.0001 0002 0004 0008 0016 0032 0064 0128 0256..
OpenSSH: client bug CVE-2016-0777
Simple CPU
What I've been up to for the past year
Remote code execution, git, and OS X
f.lux for iOS is no longer available
You are not Steve Jobs
That truck driver you flipped off? Let me tell you his story.
AI
Microsoft open-sources Graph Engine
Plasma Mobile – Turns your phone into a fully open hacking device
Browsing your website does not mean I want your spam
iMac with Retina 5K display
“Which word begins with “y” and looks like an axe in this picture?”
Thousands of underground gas bubbles poised to 'explode' in Arctic
New DuckDuckGo design
Subject: Airbnb
React.js Introduction for People Who Know Just Enough JQuery
Maryam Mirzakhani, first woman and Iranian to win Fields Medal, has died
Google's Free Deep Learning Course
The Future of Programming
Meet the People Taking over Hacker News
How to lose $172,222 a second for 45 minutes
Two.js
“Stop reverse engineering our code”
Show HN: Htop 2.0 released, now cross-platform
Why Spotify Pays So Little
The Facebook experiment has failed
Posterous acquired by Twitter
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (January 2017)
Kubernetes by Example
Future of Firefox DevTools
SQLite small blob storage: 35% Faster Than the Filesystem
The Really Big One
Please don't use Slack for FOSS projects
Pev: Postgres ‘Explain’ Visualizer (2016)
Microsoft Introduces New "Surface" Tablet
Drowning Doesn't Look Like Drowning
Tessel: The end of web development as we know it
Uber Fires Anthony Levandowski
Things I’ve Learned from Reading IndieHackers
Hack the Kernel – Learn about operating systems online
Valve Source Engine Running Faster on Linux than Windows
Kind of Screwed
Google.ai
Finland will hand out cash to 2000 jobless people to test universal basic income
Sega releasing every console game for free with ads on mobile
GPS tracking device found on an activist's car
MediaGoblin – Self Hosted, Decentralized​ Alt to YouTube, Flickr, SoundCloud
I Can’t Write My Name in Unicode
Aaron is dead. From: Tim Berners-Lee
A Watch Guy's Thoughts on the Apple Watch After Seeing It in the Metal
Whatever goes up, that’s what we do
Teller – API for your bank account
Salary Negotiation
The Myth of Drug Expiration Dates
Firefox.html: Rebuilding Firefox UI in HTML
Ask HN: What are we doing about Facebook, Google, and the closed internet?
Stupid security things
Git Is Simpler Than You Think
WoSign and StartCom: Mozilla’s proposed conclusion
Show HN: %%30%30: A Game
US entertainment industry to Congress: make it legal for us to deploy rootkits
It Is Time For Basic Income
Sistine Chapel
Proving that Android’s, Java’s and Python’s sorting algorithm is broken
All of Bach
Police use new device to seize money in bank accounts or on prepaid cards
Fossjobs: A website for free and open-source software jobs
Show HN: A random startup generator
The myth of the eight-hour sleep
Entreporn, The Fallacy That Wastes Your Life
Why You Shouldn't Interrupt a Programmer
What.CD is shutting down
Forbes Site, After Begging You Turn Off Adblocker, Serves Up Malware 'Ads'
My Thoughts on Oracle v Google
Horizon 1.0: a realtime, open-source JavaScript back end from RethinkDB
Washington Post to be sold to Jeff Bezos
Japan Keeps This Defunct Train Station Running for Just One Passenger
Tencent buys 5% of Tesla
AWS Tips I Wish I'd Known Before I Started
Samsung 'blocks' exploding Note 7 parody videos
Another Update
Modern Web Development
Solar is now cheaper than some coal, says India energy minister
Google opens access to its speech recognition API
Why 37signals Doesn't Hire Programmers Based on Brainteasers
Fluid Paint Simulation
Call Me Maybe: MongoDB Stale Reads
Warren Buffett: Stop coddling the super rich
Reasons not to use Facebook
Introducing Raspberry Pi B+
Web vs. native: let’s concede defeat
Less stress, more productivity: working fewer hours is good for you and your boss
Jotform domain seized by US due to user generated content
Learn Vim Progressively
WePay Drops 600lbs of ice in front of PayPal Conference
"Open Source is awful in many ways, and people should be aware of this"
My Girlfriend Dissociated and Forgot Who I Was
The Last Post
Schlep Blindness
24/192 music downloads are silly
Unfortunately, we have renewed our ICANN accreditation
My Day Interviewing for the Service Economy Startup from Hell
Late bloomer, not a loser. (I hope)
Show HN: Free, anonymous coding interview practice
GitLab 8.5 released
Pure UI
Reason: A new interface to OCaml
Unsupervised sentiment neuron
I Had a Stroke at 33
The best icon is a text label
9 year old's DIY Cardboard Arcade gets Flash mobbed: Video
Watch Me Make Mistakes
Aaronsw indicted for hacking MIT network to download millions of JSTOR docs
Moved ~/.local/share/steam. Ran steam. It deleted everything owned by user
Nexus: The best of Google, now in three sizes
Why Inequality Matters
Many famous scientists have something in common: they didn’t work long hours
Free “Deep Learning” Textbook by Goodfellow and Bengio Now Finished
Firefox 29
Blueprint – A React UI toolkit for the web
Teller Reveals His Secrets
Ask HN: Building a side project that makes money. Where to start?
Things I wish someone had told me before I started angel investing
How much your computer can do in a second
GodBolt: Enter C, get Assembly
How the DEA took a young man’s life savings without charging him with a crime
Blow to Internet.org as Indian Internet Companies Begin to Withdraw
What Could Have Entered the Public Domain on January 1, 2017
Amazon EC2 currently down. Affecting Heroku, Reddit, Others
Oxford Deep NLP – An advanced course on natural language processing
Human-Powered Helicopter Wins the $250,000 Sikorsky Prize
Famous judge spikes Apple-Google case, calls patent system “dysfunctional”
Lumosity fined $2M for deceptive ads of “Brain Training” app
U.S. Law Enforcement Seeks to Halt Apple-Google Encryption of Mobile Data
App sizes are out of control
Why use www?
I regularly hire women for 65% to 75% of what males make
Gmail blows up e-mail marketing by caching all images on Google servers
ECMAScript 2017 Language Specification
The terrorist inside my husband's brain
Terraform
In Iraq, I raided insurgents. In Virginia, the police raided me
The secret message hidden in every HTTP/2 connection
The Most Effective Weapon on the Modern Battlefield Is Concrete
title
The Apple Watch feature I once thought was a throwaway novelty is now crucial to me.
Apple is trying to limit how often your iPhone apps can bug you to give them a rating
The App Store now requires developers to use the official API to request app ratings. Custom prompts are not allowed.
I built a custom Reddit TouchBar interface!
TIL that if Apple finds an underage worker in a factory of a supplier, They make the supplier return the child to their home, pay for their education, and pay for their basic needs until they are of working age. They also must offer them re-employment.
iPhone owners are about 21 times more likely to negatively judge a date who uses an Android phone
Real time screen capture of Apple's new ARKit in action
[shower thought] 10 years ago, 'sent from my iphone' meant you were at the leading edge of technology, now it means you probably don't know how to turn off auto-signature.
Apple Is Trying To Make Your iMessages Even More Private. Apple wants to make its cloud as secure and private as its devices, starting with iMessage.
Firm That Helped FBI Break Into San Bernardino iPhone Gets Hacked, Tools Leaked Online
The speed of iPhone 7's camera.
PSA: If a website displays "Sorry, you need to download flash" (or something similar) to view a video, you really don't. Just use the 'Develop' menu in Safari and switch the user agent to 'Safari - iPad'; the video will likely play right away using HTML5 format.
Apple promises to stop mining the earth, build all products from recycled materials
Siri saved my life
Apple engineer about the original iPhone keynote: 'We were in the fifth row doing shots of Scotch after every segment of the demo. When the finale came and it worked, we all just drained the flask. It was the best demo we'd ever seen. We just spent the entire rest of the day drinking in the city.'
Tim Cook says Trump’s executive orders are ‘not a policy we support’
Apple has released a free, beginner-level, 900-page book "App Development with Swift" + related teaching materials.
Easily share your WiFi with friends on iOS 11, automatically sends passwords to nearby devices
Tim Cook's letter to employees regarding Trump's withdrawal from Paris accords
Tim Cook was right to fight the FBI
Apple's Tim Cook asked President Trump for coding requirement at US schools
Apple Supplier Confirms New iPhone Models Will Be Waterproof With Wireless Charging
What Apple gives you for $100 as a Safari Extension Developer — and why Reddit Enhancement Suite may cease support for Safari
In 2016, Apple was the largest single taxpayer in the United States, paying $15.8 Billion at an effective rate of 25.8%.
Daring Fireball: The Mac Pro Lives
Apple sticking with climate change fight despite Trump administration regulation loosening
Apple's real advantage in AR over Google: Whatever Apple builds, it can deploy across the majority of iOS devices quickly. Android struggles with that.
WSJ reporting Apple will ditch lightning connector in favor of USB-C in next iPhone
I Got Rejected by Apple Music… So I Redesigned It – Startup Grind
You know Apple did a good job this week when you don't see r/all complain
Showerthought: The MacBook Air is now the thickest new laptop that Apple sells, despite being originally marketed as "The worlds thinnest notebook"
Here is everything Apple announced at WWDC today!
I still can't believe the huge volume indicator isn't fixed
Why can't we interact with Siri on the phone without the UI taking over the screen? Seems Siri should be the spirit of the phone that gets me answers / does stuff for me all while I can keep going what I'm doing.
Apple, Facebook, Google, and 94 others file opposition to Trump's immigration ban
Three apps in the top 10 on Mac app store are windows snapping apps - apple needs to address this properly, natively.
Consumer reports now recommends the MacBook Pro 2016
Apple's consumer iOS and macOS apps are now officially free
iMac Pro is not overpriced. The baseline iMac pro specs configured on a Lenovo workstation costs 2300$ more.
After 10 years of being a Mac user, I think my favourite feature of MacOS has to be the ability to change a file name whilst having that file open.
Apple's Tim Cook: If You Work Only For Money, You Will Never Be Happy
Happy 10th Birthday iPhone!
IAMA Foxconn insider with information on next 12 months of hardware updates
Today I went hard in the Mac Paint again
Apple's Night Shift is coming to macOS
for the love of Jobs will you people stop installing MacKeeper. it's total crap.
Apple Places Order for 70 Million OLED iPhone Panels From Samsung
Samsung strikes a $4.3B supply deal with Apple for OLED panels
AT&amp;T Shuts Down 2G Network and Ends Cellular Connectivity for Original iPhone
Apple has a secret team working on the holy grail for treating diabetes
AirPods Have The Highest Customer Satisfaction of Any New Product From Apple
TIL you can close all open tabs in safari on iPhone/iPad at once by pressing and holding the new tab (double square) button.
Modern “Hackintoshes” show that Apple should probably just build a Mac tower
Apple confirms sales of Apple Watch Pride Edition band will support LGBTQ groups.
Apple removes 58,000 apps from App Store
All the new things Apple revealed today
Apple Watch should have a "Music mode" that allows adjusting music volume through the crown without lighting up the screen
I find myself upvoting more posts since I got my 7 plus. Because of the haptic feedback. Anyone else?
The new iPad is absurd
Amazon App coming to the Apple Tv this Summer
Dear Apple, long story short, thank you. Freak accident occured this morning and my 15" MBP Retina screen cracked. I was quoted $600 to fix it. I'm poor, in school and dead broke. Apple decided to fix it free of charge. I'm forever in your debt &amp; eco-system. THANK YOU!
Fake news is 'killing people's minds', says Apple boss Tim Cook: Apple chief calls on governments and technology companies to crack down on misinformation in public discourse
Apple releases first iOS 11 public beta for iPhone and iPad
UK government says Apple ‘cannot get away with’ unbreakable encryption following terrorist attack
PSA: AirPods will kill your hotel key
Wanted to share something personal. My Dad died recently and I noticed a tonne of my mums photos of him were live photos. She didn't know!
Apple’s Mac Pro, Touch Bar MacBook and original Air designer, Matt Casebolt, will now be designing Teslas
iOS 11 - Control Center IS now customisable
21% of Windows users plan to switch to Mac, says survey â against 2% Mac to Windows
Apple granted patents for bezel-free display and Touch ID button embedded in screen
Tim Cook confirms Apple's long secretive autonomous vehicle project
TIL Steve Jobs had 323 patents under his name. The founders of Google and Microsoft combined have less than 30.
Apple’s record Q1 2017 earnings: 78.3M iPhones, 13.1M iPads, $78.4B revenue
Apple Expected to Announce New Products as Soon as Next Week, Supply Chain Sources Say
This 82-Year-Old Woman Is WWDC’s Oldest Attendee: "I didn't see any apps for the elderly, so I decided to create my own."
What iOS apps do you consider a must have?
Apple, Microsoft and Uber help staff stranded by Trump ban (update: Airbnb)
Apple really needs to change the Facetime dial tone.
A Year of Google Maps &amp; Apple Maps
Apple Receives Permit From California DMV to Test Self-Driving Cars
Apple working on enhanced Siri for iPhone 8 launch in the face of competition from Google Assistant and Alexa
The AirPods have been on the market for 6 months and they STILL have a 6-week order backlog
Facebook iOS app is now over 380 MB... I mean what?!
[Suggestion] [iOS] Make the "=" button holdable to make ≠ and ≈.
Developer access to iPhone's NFC chip coming in iOS 11.
Apple has acquired Workflow a powerful automation tool for iPad and iPhone
It’s High Time We Have a Fireside Chat With Everyone
No more sound bar in the middle of the screen in iOS11
China uncovers massive underground network of Apple employees selling customers' personal data
Apple drops to fifth place in best laptop brand survey over higher prices and fewer options
Monochrome for Reddit, a new reddit app for iPhone
On this day in 1997, 20 years ago: Steve Jobs returns to Apple as an adviser after Apple buys Jobs' NeXT Computer.
Over 187,000 apps could become obsolete with Apple's 64-bit only 'iOS 11'
I've been too ignorant and laughed at those PC gamers for using 120Hz displays thinking it's overkill. Sorry I was wrong about that
Apple Watch most accurate wrist-worn fitness tracker in new study of heart rate and energy expenditure
Apple says most vulnerabilities in WikiLeaks docs are already patched
WikiLeaks reveals CIA malware that "targets iPhone, Android, Smart TVs"
Tim Cook spotted dining with Google CEO
Apple park opens to employees in April
iOS11 lets you choose to provide all apps your location only While Using.
Apple patents screen tech capable of reading fingerprints without dedicated sensor
Apple's Siri To Get Smarter As $200 Million Acquisition Of 'Dark Data' AI Specialist Lattice Data Pushes Through
Facebook app updates are usually 200 MB+ on the App Store and occur roughly once a week. At 1.5 billion active app users, that's over 3000 TBs a week or 156 PBs a year.
OnePlus Mocks Removal of Headphone Jack in iPhone 7 While Copying its Design for New OnePlus 5
Apple iPhone 7 is being hardened to handle military-grade secrets - iPhone chosen over a Android handset to be turned into "dual-persona" device that can be used to discuss confidential matters
Comparing iOS10 &amp; Android N
Apple climbs past Samsung as world's top phone vendor
Apple now has record $246.09 billion in the bank
Apple's payment service Apple Pay is growing – the company saw a 450% rise in transactions over the last year.
Last week I took my base model mid-2012 rMBP to Apple to get the battery fixed, and today I received this email from them...
iPhone 8 dummy model surfaces with edge-to-edge display, no rear Touch ID, and elongated power button
Apple releases iOS 10.3 with Find My AirPods, Apple File System, CarPlay updates, more
Apple to 'rapidly address' any security holes as companies respond to CIA leak
Report: Tim Cook testing wearable blood sugar tracker on Apple’s campus, connected to Apple Watch
iPhone 8 will strain world's supply of OLED displays
Funny story: An email I sent to the CEO of Nvidia &amp; Tim Cook last month is the reason Pascal is now supported on MacOS
Apple Confirms June 5 WWDC Keynote Will Be Live Streamed
Google Assistant announced for iPhone
I love my AirPods so far, but...
Report: iPhone 8 to feature Touch ID directly on the OLED screen with optical fingerprint sensor
I haven't downloaded an app for my phone in about 2 years. What apps am I missing out on?
Apple, please allow us to remove our 3rd party email addresses from our Apple ID accounts and let us our iCloud emails as the primary Apple ID addresses.
It really annoys me when an app doesn't had the swipe back command.
MacOS Desktop Wallpapers by Luke Chesser
Apple is bringing iTunes to the Windows Store
TIL: You can backspace on the iOS calculator.
So my AirPods went through the washing machine :(
Craig is the MVP of Apple Keynotes
A UPS employee is continuously stealing every Apple watch my wife orders.
Apple's Tim Cook says increasing pace of 'iPhone 8' leaks hurting sales
TIL you can check the battery status of your iPhone from your Mac by holding down 'option', selecting wifi and then hovering the cursor over your iPhone.
Here's to hoping Siri gets her act together in 2017 (with iOS11)
'iPhone 8' Production on Schedule for September Launch, October Sales
I wish I could get a way to have my driver's license as a virtual card in Wallet.
AppleCare+ Can Now be Purchased Up to One Year After Buying an iPhone
Apple Patents Long-Range Wireless Charging
For the first time in 2017: Back again, it’s Apple Keynote Bingo
Intel reveals its new 18-core, 36-thread “extreme” Core i9 processor at Computex
Apple really impressed me this week.
Apple Park, Apple's new campus, is set to take in employees next month.
Real World Comparison between Apple CarPlay and Android Auto
Apple inexplicably removes iCloud Activation Lock status page, which helped people avoid buying stolen iPhones
Apple TV, iPhone, iPad gain ability to play Netflix movies directly in TV app
@irace: Apple engineering has confirmed that 3D Touch multitasking was intentionally removed in iOS 11.
When you send someone an iMessage saying "Happy new year!" In iOS 10, it automatically sends the message with a fireworks effect.
7 Years Ago Today. The iPad was announced.
iPhone Ownership Reaches All-Time High in United States
PayPal CEO claims Apple Pay’s person-to-person payment service will struggle to compete
Anybody remember paid iOS updates?
iOS starting to get complicated and messy
How can I stop my iPhone from auto playing the first song in iTunes when I plug it into my car?
Is it me or did Apple miss an opportunity not including a bite in the apple emoji ��
Rant: I thought I liked Siri until I got an Amazon Dot
Apple - Press Info - Apple Introduces iPhone 7; iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition
New MacOS Malware, Signed With Legit Apple ID, Found Spying On HTTPS Traffic
Former iPhone factory worker explains how they keep the new iPhones a secret
Taken with iPhone 7 Plus: Keukenhof - the Tulip garden, Holland
Everything u/Foxconninsider Reported Today
Dr. Dre is actually a huge force at Apple — he talks with Jimmy Iovine every morning
FBI must reveal cost of San Bernardino iPhone hack, argue three news organizations
Apple Points to VR as One Reason Why Next Mac Pro Needs to be More Powerful
Apparently there is a tornado screen in the weather app...
First Alleged iPhone 8 Part Leaks Surface
Marco Arment on Twitter: "Don’t blame Workflow or Apple for removing Google, etc. actions in last night’s Workflow update. It was lawyers, not strategy."
As a Windows die-hard since I was 10 the last 24 hours has been a revelation for me.
Apple Aims to Make Every iPhone With an OLED Display by 2019
Apple Said to Debut New iPad Pro Lineup, 128GB iPhone SE, and Red iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at March Event
Apple Music saw over 40M users on mobile last month, leading Spotify by 10M
Be careful, some developers are rather clever.
LPT: Tap 3 times on the APPLE TV remote trackpad to enable and disable subtitles
From 1st of July and forward, the police in Norway can force a person to use your finger to unlock Touch-ID. Unacceptable?
Blizzard VP Jeff Kaplan Says Company is 'Open Minded' About Bringing Overwatch to Mac
Apple to offer 32GB of desktop RAM in top-end 2017 MacBook Pro, 16GB for 12" MacBook
Apple to Announce New MacBook, MacBook Pro, and Possibly MacBook Air at WWDC
The most consistent thing about the Mac OS in the last 30 years.
iPhone 8 mass production delayed to October/November
App devs, please add clear cache to your apps!
iOS 10 Security White Paper
Why the hell does macOS not have the iMessage effects??
Selecting text from websites is overly aggressive
YouTube skip feature should be a thing in iOS
One of the most exciting things of the event was Apple officially supporting external GPUs on their Macbooks!
Why is Google working so hard to deliberately cripple the Picture-in-Picture feature on iPads and macOS?
Awesome OS X Command Line
And so it begins
It's official: iTunes Podcasts is now Apple Podcasts
In Apple Music there should be a way to disable censored music
Apple Set to Join Amazon, Google, Facebook in AI Research Group
Mac sales declined nearly 10% last year as Lenovo, Dell and others gained ground
Apple finally gives iOS a proper file management system with new Files app
Apple sues iPhone modem supplier Qualcomm, claims $1 billion in payments withheld over FTC probe
iOS 11 brings back signal bars!
Apple CEO Tim Cook: 'You Will See Us Do More in the Pro Area'
Apple Support 1.1 lets you schedule repair appointments at Apple Authorized Service Providers, not just Apple store Genius Bars.
Apple releases iOS 11 beta 2 to developers
"I can't set a timer here" - Siri really is terrible.
Apple Registers New Macs and iPads in Eurasia Ahead of WWDC on June 5
Ikea and Apple building AR app that’ll let you try out virtual furniture at home
With all the great announcements, lets not forget that Safari will now block autoplaying videos
GIFs now play in Photos on iOS 11
Apple: Developer Support for ARKit has been ‘Unbelievable’
The new Apple "App Development with Swift" book is great...
Here's why I gave up on Apple Music
Recent version of Handbrake download infected with malware
In the latest High Sierra beta, a small relic from Steve Jobs was removed from the Mac
Warren Buffett grows Berkshire Hathaway AAPL stake to 133 million shares worth $17 billion
The Telegraph says Apple News has become the most effective third-party platform to drive readers to its sites and app; Telegraph posts about 240 articles/day
Apple’s Tim Cook: Steve Jobs’ philosophy will be at Apple in 100 years
Nintendo developing ‘The Legend of Zelda’ game for iPhone
Apple’s desktop Mac lineup: A showcase of old technology
Apple halves 2TB iCloud plan to $9.99 a month
Google and Amazon killed their Apple Watch apps and it went unnoticed for weeks
Walt Mossberg is Retiring This June :(
Apple shutters reviews of LG Ultrafine 5K display in wake of technical issues
Apple gets a lot of hate for when it goes wrong, Now with WWDC 2017, it has done most of the things right
Apple’s AR is closer to reality than Google’s
Tip: Set your email address to "@@" in Text Replacement.
iPhone 8 Expected to Include Faster 10W USB-C Wall Charger
iPhone Camera Quality
From a Touch bar 15" to a MacBook Pro 17"
Swift Creator Chris Lattner Quits Tesla After Only Six Months in the Job
"Inter-dimensional Portal" made with ARKit
Early Adopters Love Their Apple AirPods
Apple never made a display with built-in eGPU so this is what I did.
Apple’s latest iPad is the tablet equivalent of the iPhone SE
The iPod-based interface that lost out to iOS for the iPhone
the evolution of the iPhone from 2007 in 3 seconds
Apple Releases iOS 10.2.1 With Bug Fixes, Performance Improvements
Apple should make PiP on iOS an user option not something controlled by developer (and get abused by Youtube for example)
The Chinese iPhones let you choose which apps can connect to the internet
TSMC reportedly starts production of Apple A11 chip for iPhone 8 with 10nm process
Is anyone else tired of seeing their carrier name on the status bar?
Dear Devs, please support iCloud Keychain!
My MBP has changed the Trash Bin icon to the Chrome icon
Find lost AirPods for free
iPhone 7 Plus – Take Mine – Apple
Lessons I've Learned from Three Million App Downloads
Using the same pair AirPods with another person is really cool
All of Apple's 2017 iPhones will include fast charging via Lightning port, not USB-C
Today in Apple history: Bill Gates predicts doom for Apple’s biggest product
High quality apple ID phishing scam. posting for visibility so no one gets duped
Apple's Tim Cook, other executives urge Texas not to pass anti-trans 'bathroom bill'
Apple officially announces new HomePod speaker to ‘reinvent home music,’ coming in December for $349
iOS 11: When you turn off Bluetooth inside Control Center, it doesn’t actually turn off, it simply disconnects from other devices. Why?
Intel has reportedly moved up the launch timeline of its next-generation Coffee Lake chips
OSX: There should be an alarm clock
Apple Has a Redesigned Fingerprint ID Solution For the iPhone 8
macOS 10.12.4 Beta 1 brings Night Shift to the mac!
The new “Files” app is exactly what everyone hoped it would be
Sources: Apple Will Announce Amazon Prime Video Coming To Apple TV At WWDC
Apple seemingly ends support for 32-bit devices with iOS 10.3.2
I would love to see Tim Cook get fired up about the Mac
Next time you're using Safari on macOS with AdBlock extension and website asks you turn it off, press ⇧⌘R for Reader and read article anyway
Apple is developing its own graphics chips for the iPhone and won't use Imagination Technologies anymore
Apple shows off Dubai Mall store with 'stunning views', motorised carbon fibre windows
iPad Pro A10X Geekbench scores -- 4GB RAM confirmed
Apple Online Store Going Down for 'Maintenance' Tomorrow Morning Ahead of Rumored Product Updates
Apple Music randomly skipping songs? You are not alone
Do you guys use the wallet app?
Apple Revokes Cert for Sophisticated Mac Trojan
Apple hires Stanford digital health leader as it continues to ramp up medical efforts
It would be nice if Apple automatically added any photo that I set as a wallpaper to a "Wallpapers" album in Photos for later reference, much like it does with the "Selfies" album.
I went to a drawing session for the new "Today at Apple"
Apple Hires Amazon’s Fire TV Head to Run Apple TV Business
Target Returns iPhone SE Stock Ahead of Apple's Rumored March Event
Pressing ⌘B in Spotlight will open Safari and search your entry using your preferred search engine.
The most underrated feature to come out of WWDC. Thank you Apple!
BlackBerry Hits '0%' Market Share Nearly Ten Years After iPhone Launched
The Hot New Hip-Hop Producer Who Does Everything on His iPhone
Thank you for 8 years, Apple
Apple Expected to Return to Growth With Biggest Earnings Ever Today
The mystery iPad Pro app everyone wanted to know about with the strange music axis is actually an illustration app called Graphic by Indeeo Inc, thanks Craig!
NYTimes: How Uber intentionally deceived Apple and got away with it — for a while.
Price drop on macbook Pro is because of 128GB SSD instead of 256GB
Apple and Valve are working together. Maybe if we yell loud enough we can get a GLaDOS Siri voice
Apple's Spaceship Campus is God Damn Insane
What I think the 2017 iPad means for this September's iPhone devices
All 3D / Force Touch features on iPhone
Apple launches new 9.7-Inch iPad for $329
Apple no longer allows developers to advertise pricing info such as ‘Free’ in app titles
Apple Nears $800 Billion Valuation On Path to Becoming World's First Trillion Dollar Company
Scott Forstall says Steve Jobs created the iPhone because he was sick of hearing a Microsoft employee arrogantly telling him Microsoft was working on a touch-screen device so advanced that it would pave the way for computing
Wine 2.0 is here -- run Windows software on macOS
Apple Tells Lawmaker that Right to Repair iPhones Will Turn Nebraska Into a ‘Mecca’ for Hackers - Motherboard
Apple Tops 'Tech Support Showdown' List for Third Consecutive Year
iOS Tip: If you're going to take a photo with the sole intention of sending it via iMessage (and then immediately deleting it from Photos), use the camera functionality built in to iMessage; it doesn't save the pic to your camera roll.
Apple's 'iPhone 8' to replace Touch ID home button with 'function area'
iPhone 8 Pre-Orders Still Expected in September, But Shipments Likely Delayed Until 'Several Weeks Later'
New report claims the iPhone 8 will actually cost less than $1,000
Next iPhone Said to Have Even Better IP68-Rated Water Resistance
TIL iOS highlights the fingerprint "slot" when you lay your finger on the homebutton
Random thought: Force clicking the red 'x' should quit the app.
10 years ago, the second phone call to be made on iPhone was a prank call to Starbucks.
Heads Up: Pixelmator is $0.99 right now on iPhone and iPad
Apple’s AR features will debut first in iPhone, later in glasses, reports Bloomberg
Qualcomm sues Apple for hobbling its iPhone chips to make Intel look better
T-Mobile now lists complimentary AppleCare+ perks as part of Jump upgrade program
LPT for macOS: Uncheck "Automatically rearrange Spaces based on most recent use" in System Preferences &gt; Mission Control to prevent fullscreen apps from automatically shifting around.
Moom removed from Mac App Store due to patent "apparatus and method for positioning windows on a display"
Chicago's New Apple Store looks like a MacBook from above.
Hi, I made an app which lets you pick colors (and shows closest Pantone colors) through your iPhone's camera in real time.
In 1998, the New York Times criticized Apple for leaving the floppy disc drive out of the iMac
Opening the AirPods case next to an iPad should do the same as the iPhone
according to release notes: "Apps over 100MB may download over Cellular connection after acknowledging the warning prompt."
Apple Pencil latency (50ms) is 2x slower the new Surface Pen latency (21ms)
Spotify can now be controlled from the lock screen and control center when playing through Spotify Connect
Search party of Apple Devices - Classic Apple
Readdle’s new drag-and-drop feature shows how Apple could improve multitasking on the iPad - The Verge
Apple to forge 'iPhone 8' chassis from stainless steel
Macbook Air's CPU was updated from 5th gen Intel Core i5 to.... 5th gen Core i5 with an extra 200 MHz.
Apple apologizes to users for mistakenly saying their paid iCloud subscription was canceled
What are some cool features MacOS has that not many users know about?
How to Make $80,000 Per Month on the Apple App Store
Apple Is Making a Siri Speaker to Outdo Google and Amazon
WWDC, Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference, returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017
iPhone 8 Said to Pack Battery Capacity of Current 5.5-Inch Model Into 4.7-Inch Form Factor
Apple's new USB-C cables are much better quality
Apple Store goes down ahead of new MacBooks and iPad Pro expected at WWDC 2017 keynote
Apple really need to work on printing from iOS.
Apple online store, "We've got something special in store for you"
Phil Schiller on iPhone’s Launch, How It Changed Apple, and Why It Will Keep Going for 50 Years
10.5 and 12.9 iPads not expected to shit until June.
Tim Cook says ‘the best is yet to come’, Apple commemorates 10 year iPhone anniversary
Apple and Tim Cook Honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Apple Is Working on a Dedicated Chip to Power AI on Devices
[best buy] Airpods back in stock with free 2 day shipping
Apple Store is down again
WWDC 2017 | Post-Event Megathread
TIL force touching the fullscreen button of a window on a mac, takes it to split screen mode rather than normal fullscreen.
It's amusing how Apple Music doesn't have handover, but can stop you listening in a fraction of second if listening on another device
"1‑Month subscription for 50GB has been discontinued." Email received this morning
LG admits premium display fails near wi-fi
Happy Birthday Steve!!
Apple Officially Begins Assembling iPhone SE in India
Apple CEO Tim Cook never joined Trump administration's presidential advisory council
And so it begins... 32-bit apps no longer appear in App Store search results
Switch to uBlock Origin if you're on Chrome
Dell launches 'world's first' 31.5-inch 8K display, buy it now for a cool $5K
Anyone else downgrade from a 2016 to 2015 rMBP and love it?
New iPad Pro Ad
No, an LTE-equipped Apple Watch will not come with a physical SIM card
Spotify tops 50 million paid subscribers as it continues battle with Apple Music
YouTube for iOS gets Chromecast lock screen controls
100 NEW iOS 11 Hidden Features &amp; Changes
Simple but brilliant tape measure apps show just how useful AR is going to be [Video]
How to Easy Google Image Search on iOS
Apple produces half a gallon of fake sweat every day for product testing
Apple sends press invites for WWDC 2017, officially announces keynote event for June 5 10AM PT
Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway triples its stake in Apple
Apple says iOS 10.2.1 has reduced unexpected iPhone 6 &amp; iPhone 6s shutdown issues by 80%
Man dies after charging his iPhone while using it in the bath
WWDC 2017 | Event Megathread
The 21.5 inch iMac STILL ships with a 5400rpm hard drive
New Report Suggests Apple Could Delay 'iPhone 8' Launch to October or November
Dear Apple if you are reading this: Please develop a Paint app that works as cool as Garageband across iPad Pro iOS and Mac OS X.
iPad 10,5 screen is ASTONISHING
PSA: Finder for Airpods has been removed from the store by Apple. Refund details inside.
Report: New Apple Watch coming in third quarter of 2017, main focus on better battery life
Apple is releasing a Find My AirPods feature
iOS Bug: A 3-finger tap on control centre is all you need to freeze your iPhone
WhatsApp backdoor allows snooping on encrypted messages
Apple posted two job openings for "Siri Designer" today
Got a text from 2003.
Speed up your Time Machine backups tremendously.
Apple Sold Fewer iPads Year Over Year for 13th Straight Quarter as Tablet Market Shrinks to Five-Year Low
All I want from WWDC this year is the ability to change notification tones on Watch
It's frustrating how far behind iCloud Drive is compared to Google Drive.
TIL in iOS Safari you can hold the refresh button to request the desktop site.
TIL There is NO upper limit for Apple Pay
Nike’s new Apple Watch bands match their sneaker counterparts
Apple should start making their pro-level apps available for iPad Pro's
iOS Grew to Capture 42% of U.S. Smartphone Market Over Holidays
Why is nobody talking about the 120hz iPad Pro display?
Living with AirPods &amp; Apple Watch
iPhone 7 or any iPhone... get the water out of the speakers with a few taps
In iOS 11, turning on Airplane Mode no longer disables Wifi/Bluetooth
MacOS 10.12.4 With Night Shift - Available Now
On the WWDC keynote, does anyone else look frantically on the slides when they say "And theres so much more we haven't had time to cover" and its full small text
Made With AR KIT - Really cool stuff.
Steve Jobs Almost Named The iMac The MacMan, Until This Guy Stopped Him
TIL if you force touch on a folder, you get a list of apps that you have notifications for.
[iOS 11] [Discussion] Does anybody else absolutely hate the new Notification Center?
The official Tor browser for iOS is free to use
Monument Valley 2 now available
Better Touch Tool has changed TouchBar from "kinda interesting" to "completely necessary" for me.
Apple releases $200 Pro App bundle for education customers which include Final Cut Pro X and Logic Pro X
Apple has introduced Picture-In-Picture mode for Mac over a year ago and yet we still need to use a 3rd party plugin to use it on most sites.
Matte Black AirPods!!!
Apple Debuts Revamped 'Switch' Site to Lure Android Users
Apple Will Cut Laptop Production by 16% and Discontinue the Macbook Air, Says IHS Research Firm
App Store app prices to rise in the UK by 25% following Brexit exchange rate fluctuations
iPhone games for people who can't think?
Hidden Interactions in Default iOS Apps
iOS no longer wishes you Happy Birthday from the Notification Center like on iOS 9.
f.lux developer says Apple's new competitive macOS Night Shift feature falls short
Apple ramping up App Store cleaning efforts, has already removed ‘hundreds of thousands’ of apps
Apple's AirPods are winning with the critics that matter
I feel like this is the most in-the-dark we've been before WWDC since iOS 7
Apple's Jennifer Bailey Says Customers Are Willing to Switch Banks to Use Apple Pay
Apple Says Third-Party iPhone Screen Repairs No Longer Fully Void Your Warranty
How to shoot on iPhone 7 - Apple
A Famous Steve Jobs Speech Is Hidden on Your Mac
AirPods automatically pair with Apple TV starting with tvOS 11
I think the News App on iOS is visually the best app from Apple
What features would Android have to include for you to consider switching?
The 2017 iPhone will cost a $1000 because of 3D touch on an OLED display
KGI predicts wireless charging for all three new iPhones, iPhone 8 requires higher cost 3D Touch sensor
Apple now sells the woven nylon rainbow Apple Watch Pride band that was previously an employee exclusive
Apple Music execs say Beats 1 is ‘the biggest radio station in the world’
As a lifelong PC user, there is only one device that I would pitch a tent outside an Apple store for.
iOS 10 Now Installed on Nearly 80% of active iOS Devices
Positive Rant: Apple’s older hardware is now proving itself in the long run
Apple begins testing 5G data speeds for iPhone
On April 7th, nothing happened
Nest is considering Apple HomeKit support as iOS 11 makes supporting existing products easier
CIA has been hacking dozens of wifi routers for years, but seemingly not Apple ones
Developers Are Already Impressed With Apple’s Augmented Reality Software: "It tends to just work."
PSA: Apple is not obligated to provide you with any maintenance, technical or other support for the Pre-Release Software (iOS 11)
Apple holding ‘Lose Your Wallet’ shopping event promoting Apple Pay w/ exclusive discounts
People with Jet Black iPhone 7/7+, how is your phone doing after a few months?
The Verge: iPad Pro 10.5 review
I returned my 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar
It's like iOS 11 kills all the pet peeves.
Several months after the launch of iPhone 7 I can testify I cursed a few times for not having the headphones adapter with me
Here's the 'Stealth' Case Apple Uses to Conceal iPhone Prototypes During Transport
So... how is Apple Maps?
Apple overtakes Fitbit to be crowned world's largest wearables vendor
iMac Pro, the most powerful Mac ever, arrives this December
Clips, a new app from Apple
Tim Cook says Apple is 'investing aggressively' in the future of the Mac
Honestly I really like Google products, but Apple's commitment to privacy has me won over.
iOS 11 is outstanding so far.
Apple announces it has two million Final Cut Pro X users
Nikkei Now Agrees 'iPhone 8' Will Have Larger 5.8-Inch OLED Display
To anyone thinking if they should get AirPods or not...
Tidal Owner Jay Z Has Removed All of His Albums From Apple Music
How many people on this sub own shares in Apple?
Apple should have made this years ago
Apple will reportedly drop 32-bit app support entirely with iOS 11 this fall
Apple Says WikiLeaks CIA Documents Are Old and Exploits Have Been Fixed
Apple should make the Mac an AirPlay receiver.
How Apple won silicon: Why Galaxy S8 can't go core-to-core with iPhone 7
AR is amazing in iOS 11.
Mystery Apple 'wireless device' turns out to be door access system, likely for Apple Park
TIL you can bit-flip using the macOS calculator's built-in programmer mode.
TIL People who wear glasses may notice in that the "X" in a macOS window's close button appears off-center, while to those who don't wear glasses, it appears centered.
Apple wants to use lasers to polish future ceramic iPhones
Apple unveils Live Photos API
Apple's statement on Consumer Reports' MBP battery life results
When Apple makes a new iMac and a new Mac Mini, they should kill internal HDD's in Macs once and for all.
How many of you use Apple Pay?
Unconfirmed rumor says iPhone 6s battery replacement program may be extended to iPhone 6
MacBook Pro 2016 users, what has been your experience with the new USB-C charging cable? Compared to Magsafe, in terms of durability and usability.
Report: 5.8 inch OLED iPhone 8 to include 3 GB RAM, available in 64 GB and 256 GB storage sizes
Cheap and Painless eGPU Thrills on a 2013 MacBook Pro
Apple’s new Danish data center will supply heat to nearby homes, fertilizer to farmers
Does anyone else use their iPhone naked for a few minutes everyday as a guilty pleasure?
Pascal Eggert: Mac Pro 2 Concept
Introduction of Exposé on Mac OS X Panther
3D Touch is the most underrated iphone feature
macOS High Sierra tech preview: A quick look at the stuff you can’t see
Developers can no longer edit App Store descriptions without App Review approval
Dear Apple: I'd really like a RED iPhone, BUT I want a BLACK frame around the screen, NOT white.
Daring Fireball: Video Pros Moving From Mac to Windows for High-End GPUs
Is anyone else's iPad Air made by Nokia? My battery lasted for 22hrs usage and 388hrs standby.
KGI: 3 new iPads to debut next quarter will slow decline in sales, 10-10.5 inch model wildcard
Apple Maps really needs to get more advanced.
Apple Forces Recyclers to Shred All iPhones and MacBooks
Apple Adds 2016 MacBook Pro Without Touch Bar to Refurbished Store
EveryAppleVideo YouTube channel archive of all Apple videos have shut down :(
This is what they mean by water drop design...
Message to Apple: with unlimited data, it's time to remove the wifi-only download limits
Apple's Indoor Maps for Airports and Shopping Malls in iOS 11 Slowly Rolling Out
Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 With Multiple Bug Fixes and Security Updates
MKBHD - Dear Apple (2017)
The Apple Watch outsold every other wearable last quarter - Watch Series 2 has been selling quite well all over the globe
Review: 10.5-inch iPad Pro is “pro” hardware waiting for pro software
After watching WWDC, It is clear to me that Apple have found their innovation switch again.
Apple just uploaded a lot of cool videos to YouTube.
I have access to an early iPhone unit used on stage for the 2007 Macworld demo...AM(A)A
It's 2017, Chrome has 50%+ browser market share and Safari less than 15%, why does Apple still restrict streaming to only Safari and Edge?
Apple Launches New Website and Videos Featuring iPhone 7 Photography Tutorials
'Constant Negativity' From Pro Users Led Apple to Develop Modular Mac Pro, Which May Not Ship Until 2019
Why hasn't Apple released an iCloud Keychain password manager app?
iOS 11 lets you scan a router’s QR code to quickly join a network
Europe may outlaw the kind of backdoor access the FBI wanted Apple to create for iPhones
Tim Cook gave a strong hint that Apple will battle Amazon and Netflix in original video
iPhone 7 – The Archives – Apple
10.5-inch iPad teardown reveals a scaled-down 12.9-inch model, not a scaled-up 9.7-inch one
Why isn't CarPlay available as an app?
Apple will eventually require apps to use the new iOS 10.3 API for App Store rating popups
No, Apple won't move the home button and Touch ID to the back of the 'iPhone 8'
iPhone 7 Plus — Barbers [Ad]
iOS 11- Low Power Mode toggle can be added to Control Center!
A List of Everything Released Today By Apple
Warning: malicious iOS 11 beta configuration profiles are being distributed through third-party beta download websites
LPT: If the wifi login pop up won't show, type captive.apple.com in your iPhone's browser
iOS 11 is a lot about removing long standing annoyances
ios11.com redirects to Microsoft.com
I love the mac trackpads
Some teens earning $20k+ fixing iPhones in their summer break
The best part about iOS 10.3 - the update to CarPlay
Developer Earnings from the App Store Top $70 Billion
Merriam-Webster adds ‘sheeple’ to dictionary, cites Apple users as example
CNN just interviewed a victim of the Ft. Lauderdale Airport attack whose MacBook (Pro?) possibly saved his life by absorbing a bullet.
Apple’s long-time head of Apple Mail leaves to lead Readdle’s Spark email app
Imagine for a moment that Apple dropped a $999 new Macbook Air with retina display. Then only let you run apps outside the Mac App store for a $50 fee. Would people riot? Microsoft did just that.
Clips app now available
Feedback app references ‘Drag and Drop’ feature as Apple readies iOS 11 announcements later today
I was freezing late one night on a bus, so I wrote a script.
TIL If you SLAM the notification bar down, it bounces back up quite high.
Apple should seriously consider Dark Mode in Finder.
When you’re in landscape mode in Safari on iPhone, it now shows tabs on iOS 11 beta 2
BeatsX self mic doesn't turn off when you mute a phone call
So glad to see huge Siri improvements in iOS 11 (b1)
High Sierra runs on all Sierra-capable hardware, starts process to kill 32-bit apps
How much I've earned on the App Store - hopefully some useful info for anyone getting into iOS development.
Watching porn with the AirPods is actually pretty awesome
Hey Siri lock my phone
BeatsX on sale for $99.99 at Best Buy/Amazon
Reduced bezels concept
The 21.5" iMac now has replaceable RAM! - Photo from iFixit
[History] An Apple phone? Palm CEO says, `What, me worry?' (2006)
Get up to $1500 for Your Old Mac with Apple's Trade-up Program
HTC Vive is now officially on the Apple website!
Tip - 3d-touching the dial button on dialer allows you to choose between FaceTime Audio, FaceTime, and voice call.
Let's be honest. Who would be disappointed if Craig Federighi didn't make an appearance at WWDC?
Overcast Podcast App Gains Standalone Apple Watch Playback Feature
The Plus sized iPhones need much more landscape support in iOS than what's currently in place.
What did you guys do with your Apple Stickers?
Apple’s ‘Planet of the Apps’ is even worse than you thought
I’ve found the perfect settings for AirPod controls
It would be great if the silent mode button wasn't next to the ping iPhone button in Apple Watch.
$350 off MacBook 12-inch at BestBuy
iOS 11 fixes Bluetooth Siri lag!
Apple Developing New Mac Chip in Test of Intel Independence
WWDC 2017
Apple should make apps ask for permission to the "Clipboard"
iPhone SE now comes in 32GB and 128GB variants
AirPods Have Captured One-Fourth of Wireless Headphone Spending Since Launching
Tim Cook promises ‘exciting things in the pipeline’
All I really want right now with the new iOS 11 is a successor to the iPhone SE with 3d touch
My 7 year old MBP: still going strong
I wish tapping on a word in iMessage would add an emoji next to it instead of replace it
Apple's Tim Cook says Indian operations to use all-green energy within 6 months
Apple, showing me the resolution and frame rate in the video camera app but forcing me to go to system settings to change them is annoying and could so easily be remedied.
I *just* realized the purpose of 3D-touching the left edge of the screen to open the app switcher
High Sierra will be last macOS release to fully support 32-bit apps
I spent my holiday break repairing and restoring a vintage Macintosh SE/30, and now it's talking to the Internet!
Apple’s AirPods: a Hit With 98% Customer Satisfaction
Tim Cook says Apple Watch unit sales increased nearly 100% year over year
Showerthought: The Apple TV 4 is so good no one complains about it on /r/apple.
In case you haven't see it: this the Vision API, a new API developers will get to work with in iOS 11.
Throwback to when macOS had cool intro videos when you turned on your mac for the first time
Another underrated iOS 11 features is:
Apple went full dad joke with the names of this year’s secret WWDC panels
Apple’s New Campus: An Exclusive Look Inside the Mothership
Apple Releases iOS 10.3.1 With Bug Fixes
Hold ALT + SHIFT while clicking the green “maximize” button to make the window large without fullscreen
Pro Tip: Significantly Improve Bluetooth Audio Quality in Mac OS
Samsung reportedly building the world’s largest OLED production plant as it chases more Apple orders
ColorWare just announced that they can now color AirPods
Apple Music needs to separate artists' material better
Are you enjoying your AirPods?
Monument Valley 2 topped U.S. App Store four times faster than the original
iPhone 8 Predicted to Cost $999 For 128GB And $1,099 For 256GB, With No 32GB Model
Instagram finally fixed the constant app refreshing and status bar in app switcher for iOS!
Great new addition in iOS 11 beta 2: disable auto join on known networks!
iOS 10.3 apps can use different icons that are user selectable
When the Mac was introduced 33 years ago, people thought graphical user interfaces were a real problem
Tim Cook falls from #8 to #53 in employee ratings of CEOs but remains popular
There is no WhatsApp 'backdoor'
"I was not sure that my 2004 Mac still works. So I called Tim Cook to check it out. And it works"
So Apple charged me 14 lots of Apple Music 12 month subscriptions today
2017 MacBook Pro is Up to 20% Faster Than Last Year's Model in Benchmarks
iPhone wireless charging reports continue as rumored supplier sees share price surge
It seems that Google Photos OCR's your images to send ultra-specific and personal ads.
Test finds Apple's MacBook and MacBook Pro only laptops to match or beat advertised battery claims
What are some good Mac apps everybody should have on their Macs?
It's time to admit Apple Watch is a success
Group FaceTime, Peer-to-Peer Apple Pay, and more coming this Fall
TIL iOS has built-in screen sharing for AppleCare support
iMac Target Display Mode is seriously so good.
Google keeps improving Apple's Live Photos
Apple Launches App Development Curriculum for U.S. High School and College Students
How a Home Button and Function Bar Could Work on the 'iPhone 8'
Apple takes stand against Trump on transgender rights
iOS 10.3: App Store no longer requires password to post review
iPhone 6 plus touching itself
It's been 2.22 years since the Mac Mini was last updated :(
iOS 11 enables customizable separate L/R controls for Airpods!
Drake’s More Life shatters streaming records with 89.9 million streams on Apple Music in 24 hours
As Google Neglects Tablets, Microsoft and Apple Push the Envelope
MacBook Pro Touch Bar banned from multiple state bar exams
Exclusive: Apple just promised to give US manufacturing a $1 billion boost
The newest Sierra beta warns you if your display brightness is a significant battery draw
I was sold a stolen Apple Pencil by CEX (WeBuy) - Please avoid CEX for Apple Products.
Taken with my iPhone 7+ (Lost Mine Trail, Big Bend National Park)
Still using iOS 9.3.5? It now has 50+ known security vulnerabilities
Airpods are the first tech product in a while that feels magical
macOS essential apps
Best Buy doing non Touchbar MacBook Pro for $1274 on their Deal of the Day
Apple to open multi-level Mexican flagship store after initial success
How can I get Safari on macOS to PERMANENTLY trust a website with my current location? I hate having to keep selecting 'remember for one day.'
As a programmer, after 3 months, I still have not adjusted to the new MacBook Pro (rant)
Apple AirPods should allow different actions when tapping L and R sides
No, Apple Isn't Working on a Vape
Apple Begins Selling Refurbished Apple Pencil for $85
Apple increases app size restriction for tvOS apps from 200MB to 4GB
Why is there still no Amazon prime video app for Apple TV?
The new Siri voice is the most natural sounding and human voice of all digital assistants
EveryAppleVideo 2.0
It's just like Retina. ProMotion has has ruined me for lesser displays.
Tim Cook Confirms Apple Will Make Global Fund Donations From Sales of Red iPhone 7 in China
After using the new iPads, apple better bring true tone display and 120hz to the next iPhone…
Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop
Should Apple enable third party apps in iOS to set as default?
Apple is America’s richest company that isn’t a bank, with nearly $250 billion in cash
With the iPhone rumor mill in full swing, what features are on your Apple Watch Series 3 wishlist?
Today’s The Day... UPS literally DROPPED by new iMac at my door
BeatsX Wireless vs Apple AirPods - Jonathan Morrison
The iPhone 8 leak today (Friday) with the TouchID on the rear is fake, according to Benjamin Geskin
macOS used by even more devs than 2015. Ahead of Linux. Windows below 50% next year? (Stack Overflow survey)
Despite more powerful competition, iPhone SE tops new customer satisfaction survey
The new Mac Pro: The audacity to say “Yes” in a design culture of “No”
NASDAQ: AAPL up 3.24%
"The Genius of Apple’s New iPad Pro Commercial? Masterful Transitions"
APFS is coming soon: iOS 10.3 will automatically upgrade your filesystem
Apple gifts WWDC ’17 attendees custom Levi’s jackets &amp; pins
Hey Apple, your IOS News app is amazing and absolutely gorgeous. Can we please have it for Mac too?
A Swiss watchmaker just created a $26,900 timepiece that looks exactly like an Apple Watch
TIL: Long-pressing '+' in iOS Safari brings up recently closed tabs
[Video] MKBHD - iPhone 7 review: 4 months later
TIL that someone at Apple is in charge of that tab you peel off on their packaging
OS X Dooms Apple (2000)
Touch Bar integration coming soon to Word, PowerPoint and Excel for Mac, available to try it today
Apple Paid $500,000 for Exclusive Access to Chance the Rapper's 'Coloring Book' Mixtape
Just plugged my Apple TV remote in to charge for the first time.
The most underrated think about OSX/Mac OS or MBP. Not having to really shutdown often, and sometimes ever.
Amazon may finally cave, bring Prime Video to Apple TV this summer
Apple Supplier Says U.S. Workers Are too Unskilled for Production
PSA - With iOS 10.3, there is now a full device manager in the account screen in Settings
Just over 24 hours until WWDC 2017 Keynote! Who's hyped?
How many want user-generated playlists on Apple Music?
My Chat with Brandon from Apple Support
The original iPhone design team reunited for the 10 year anniversary of the launch
Growing number of 15″ MacBook Pro users report ‘popping’ sound coming from their laptop
GarageBand for Mac now syncs your projects with iOS | Cult of Mac
Steve Jobs Thought Genius Bar Was 'Idiotic' Idea at First, Said 'It'll Never Work'
Is Apple ever going to implement .GIF support in Photos.app?
Apple contractors' employees arrested in China for selling user data
Does anyone else use Google photos instead of paying for more iCloud storage?
You no longer have to wait for UI animation to finish before it registers input in iOS 11!
Anyone else think that Super Mario Run could have been the Apple TV's "killer app"
Apple Nixes Facebook and Twitter Integration in iOS 11
Report: New iMacs to launch in Q3 and ‘server-grade’ iMac with Xeon CPU, ECC RAM, new GPU at end of 2017
Verizon announces new unlimited data plan
Apple Rumored To Discontinue iPad Mini
Apple's iPhone 8 Said to Feature 'Water Drop Design' in Homage to Original iPhone
How to enable power chime on MacBooks like when plugging an iPhone to power
Just got scammed by a photo editing app
Project IINA - The modern macOS video player
Apple Has at Least Five Different Groups Working on Wireless Charging Ahead of iPhone 8
Daring Fireball: The 2017 iPad Pros
App developers will soon be able to respond to customer reviews
Leaked recording: Inside Apple's global war on leakers
I don't know why I thought iPhones were so horrible for so long
Tim Cook, CEO of Apple, says the end of the cable-TV bundle is coming
Second consumer-test organization finds MacBook Pro battery life exceeds Apple's claims
AirPods are restocking like crazy in the US right now
Four iOS 11 Changes That Reveal iPhone 8 Design
"iPhone 8" Prototype leaker releases mockup based off of his leaked schematics
Apple invests $200 million in Gorilla glass maker Corning
Why is low power mode not a toggle in control center?
The secret origin story of the iPhone
Is anyone else looking forward to Homepods?
TIL how to AirDrop the original (240 fps) slow-mo video on iOS-to-iOS you need to edit and remove all the slow parts
Former Apple engineer: Tim Cook made Apple a 'boring operations company'
My girlfriend received these notifications her iPhone tonight. Are they legitimate or is this a scam?
Does Apple usually operate like this?
Another 'iPhone 8' Design Schematic Shows Vertical Dual Camera and Touch ID on Back of Aluminum Casing
TIL Apple Has Price Protection
KGI: Apple developing new biometric sensors to replace existing Touch ID tech, including face recognition
New Charging Sound Discovered in iOS 11, Perhaps for iPhone 8 Inductive Wireless Charging Functionality
Show hidden files on MacOS Sierra using Cmd+Shift+.
iPad Pro - A new kind of power
Apple seeks to position Metal as part of new 3D graphics standard for web
Iphone 7 Snapchat users - Cool Haptic feedback Easter egg
Giving the iPad a full-time job
The volume overlay is the single worst part of iOS
STILL WORKS: Apple swapped my 2012 rMBP for a 2015 model
‪Rumor claims Apple TV to add multi-user login and Picture-in-Picture video with tvOS 11‬
Apple 'finalizing' design of apparent Amazon Echo rival based on Siri
'Sega Forever' Plans to Debut Free Classic Sega Games on iOS Each Month
Apple WWDC2017 Conference Scholarship Recipient Denied Entry to the US
The Beginner’s eGPU Setup Guide for Mac
Apple pulls New York Times apps from Chinese App Store by China's request
I love my 7+ but you should be able to 3D touch from either side to get to the multitask screen, not just from the far left where you have to stretch your bones to get there, and have no force to be able to press at all
Nvidia releases beta Mac drivers for Pascal GPUs like the GTX 1080
macOS Sierra 10.12.3 released
YouTube app no longer leaves media controls in Control Centre!
Accidentally spilt soda on bosses macbook he is back in office tomorrow, PLEASE HELP
Delayed BeatsX earphones will finally be available February 10
PSA: If a website is behind a 'paywall', and you can't view it, you likely still can. Just press the "Reader View" button in Safari (left-most end of the address bar), and the full story will probably show up.
Just found an old stock of iPhone 4S.
Apple Music quietly added a $99 annual subscription plan
Taking a look back at the "cheese grater" Mac Pro
Come join the lovely folks at /r/android for the Galaxy S8 event!
Currently borrowing a friend's iPhone 5. The design of this thing is beautiful.
What are the chances that Apple will integrate 120hz screens to their phones, macbooks, imacs, and external monitors?
The Guardian pulls out of Apple News
iMessage on the Mac needs to catch up with iOS
What do you guys wanna see in iOS 11?
Let's take a moment to appreciate Apple, and WWDC
A 'brand new' Google Earth will arrive April 18th (hopefully with a 64-bit iOS app)
The wide colour gamut displays on Apple's newer devices are quite a nice feature.
Pornhub launches TrickPics for iOS, an AR photo filter for censoring nude selfies
My wishlist for macOS 10.13
Who’s still got an @mac.com email address?
iOS 11 wishlist?
Illustrated history of iOS
Apple Clock
PSA: The 3 month free trial of Apple Music converts into a $30 iTunes gift card if you have Apple Music already.
Apple has the greatest hold music I've ever heard
iPhone 8 Said to Have Separate Wireless Charger, No Headphone Jack Adapter or USB-C Cable in Box
Apple Denies Breach Allegations of 600 Million iCloud Accounts
LinusTechTips reviews the LG5K and explains why the MBP can run 5K through TB3 but no windows machine can
Apple Music reportedly strikes deal with popular social media app Musical.ly
Apple Releases New Firmware Update for AirPods
I just need to take a moment and praise the new typing sounds in iOS 10. They are so pleasant.
iOS 11 removes system-level social media sharing integration.
Having a 480p Webcam on the Macbook 2016 and a 720p Webcam on the MacBook Pro 2016 is unacceptable
The speakers on the 2016 MacBook Pro are fantastic.
TIL you don't need to wake your iPhone to use Apple Pay, just simply hold it up to the reader and it will wake itself, open the Wallet app and ask for your fingerprint. Neat!
The touch bar would be much more exciting with force touch and haptic feedback.
Revisiting Apple's iPhone OS 1 ten years later
How I discovered my left AirPod was bad
Apple will sell students $630 of professional software for just $200. Package includes Final Cut Pro, Logic Pro X, Motion, Compressor, and MainStage 3.
TIL "CMD + ~" allows you to switch back and forth between open windows of the same application
Meet the new iPhone 8 courtesy of @onleaks
KGI: Upcoming OLED iPhone Will Include 'Revolutionary' Front Camera With 3D Sensing Abilities
Just realized you can teach Siri to pronounce your contact's names!
Can we just take a moment to remember the 4th gen iPod Nano?
Gene Munster Predicts Apple Will Eventually Earn More From AirPods Than Apple Watch
iPhone 8 creating worldwide shortage of DRAM &amp; NAND chips, says report
I think it's time Apple remove the cellular data limit
Apple will still be here in 2075, says Woz
The irony is strong in this one...
iOS 11 now supports GIFs in Photos app!
New photos claim to reveal final design of 'real iPhone 8'
Apple iMac Pro 2017 model launches later this year; No touchscreen display on board
Judge: No, feds can’t nab all Apple devices and try everyone’s fingerprints. “Such Fourth Amendment intrusions are [not] justified based on the facts articulated.”
YouTube.com no longer supports 4K video playback in Safari
Who else wants an Apple Watch but is holding out for a refresh?
Do you remember that time in 2002 Steve Jobs held a funeral for Mac OS 9?
Lengthy iOS 10.3 install time likely due to conversion to new Apple File System
Anybody else more excited for WWDC than their birthday?
Steve Jobs Quotes
Official iOS 11 to iOS 10 Downgrade Guide by Apple
I wish Siri could give simple, non-verbose answers for commands
I made some iPhone/iPad/Mac wallpapers based on Apple's WWDC17 announcement
Starcraft Broodwar has been patched to run on MacOS Sierra, is now free.
TIL that in India, a university student Apple Music membership costs just $0.99 per month
Ex-Apple designer &amp; former Twitter engineer launch Halide, a premium iPhone camera app
What if you could REALLY customize your Touch Bar? A small guide to using BTT it's new Touch Bar additions
'Twas the night before DubDub...
Beats X are not for the gym
The Apple TV should have a small button on the back that when clicked, plays a blinking sound from the remote
ProTip: If your Mac is getting bulkier and slower each time, open a new account in your computer. If the new account is blazing fast, then your mac is slow because of the clutter the other account has
I thought you guys might like to see a piece of Apple history I've had in my closet for years.
TIL you can delete the last typed number in the Calculator app by simply swiping left to right across the numbers you've already typed. This saves clearing the whole number and starting again.
LPT: Apple TV/AirPod users, you can press the Siri button and say "Connect to my AirPods" to instantly switch to them!
Apple AirPod Charger Teardown and Reverse Engineering
It's been five years, and Siri still can't read multiple messages from the same person
Impressed with iPhone 7's water resistance-it went for an ocean swim
How to creep out total strangers who leave their airdrop on
Does Apple no longer sell the complete power cord with laptops?
TIL there is screen sharing capability in MacOS's iMessage app.
Here's why new Apple products are usually "too expensive" at launch, followed by a price drop after a year or so.
When Apple is 2 years behind you, put your things in order
Apple will now let hobbyists build their own HomeKit devices
Apple Sued for Choosing Not to 'Lock-Out' iPhones Behind the Wheel to Prevent Texting and Driving
Senator Reveals FBI Paid $900K for Hacking Tool Used to Open San Bernadino Shooter's iPhone
How to track online orders and shipments with Deliveries for iOS
Apple hires Jonathan Zdziarski, an active forensics consult &amp; security researcher in the iOS community
If Foxconn leak is legit- "Apple Iris" smartglasses were a Google Glass competitor
iPhone 7 Plus is Most Popular 'Plus' Model Apple Has Released
Apple closes at an all-time high of $148.98
New iMacs With Up to Xeon E3 Processors, 64GB RAM, AMD Graphics, and Thunderbolt 3 Rumored for Late October
If you say "Hey Siri" it will choose the closest device and dismiss the rest of them.
One thing I haven't seen mentioned: macOS High Sierras buttery animations
Why does the reminders app still suck so hard?
Apple's Siri vs. Google Assistant on iPhone: Siri just can't keep up
Opinion on Tim Cook as CEO after 5 years
Tested: The truth behind the MacBook Pro's 'terrible' battery life
Coachella thief caught by ‘Find My iPhone’ after stealing 100 phones
Apple has finally added a "lock screen" keyboard shortcut in Mac OS 10.13.
Why can't macOS display all of your phone's notifications?
Reactions on MacRumors to the first iPad
The little-known iPhone feature that lets blind people see with their fingers
TIL Apple's first WWDC event was held at San Jose Convention Center in 1989 to 2002. Today's event will be heading back to San Jose after 15yrs!
New released CIA Vault 7 Apple-related hacks
PSA: Dropped an Airpod in the ocean, and it still works fine
Apple to Dismantle Iconic Glass Cube at Fifth Avenue Store
Birth of the iPhone: How Apple turned clunky prototypes into a truly magical device
Apple said to be planning just 2 new iPhones for 2017
Anyone here frustrated with the Facebook app sending random push notifications for random and irrelevant notifications?
WWDC 17 VLC url
Apple: Perspective. Not sure how I've never seen this video before, but it's beautiful.
Interesting AirPod use case
Why Right to Repair matters
Push Gmail in iOS 11 Mail app works!
every time apple announces a product, there's tons if negativity but after some small period everyone changes their mind. was there actually a product that was an exception, a product that was equally hated afterwards?
Apple's Mac mini an 'important product,' staying in lineup
iPhone 7 Plus vs Galaxy S8 Speed test!: Not even close.
The OnePlus 5 looks like a blatant copy of the iPhone 7 Plus
Latest Twitter redesign is a good example of third party apps matching Apple in its design language
Overcast 3: Design walkthrough
2016 MacBook 12 from a Developers Perspective
The notification center is still a joke.
Changed from Android to IOS. Facing some Issues. Please help.
Reddit Enhancement Suite for Safari is now EOL
APT: In iOS 10 you can't set timers for seconds in the app, but you can through Siri. I don't know what all devices this works for, but I just thought it'd be helpful to know.
Core Spotlight is coming to MacOS
Bloomberg Interview: Tim Cook on Donald Trump, the HomePod, and the Legacy of Steve Jobs
Apple's new iMac Pro costs $5000, but is it overpriced? Spoiler: No.
‪Apple now upgrading iPad 4th gen replacements to newer iPad Air 2 as stock dwindles‬
Obligatory warning: Non-developer iPhone users, please do not put developer beta software on iOS device!
How many of you actually use Spotlight Search?
Jay Z’s catalog has been pulled from Spotify (It's back on Apple Music)
AirPods + Tunity
Relax, Apple isn’t introducing another new connector
Firmware update 3.5.1 for AirPods is now available
Local grocery store won't allow Apple Pay?
New LG 5K UltraFine Display models work properly near wireless access points including routers
Would you like to see Apple News come to macOS?
The not-so-common reason I fell in love with Apple products.
Samsung reportedly spending $21B to expand OLED capacity for 'iPhone 8,' future devices
Apple reportedly starting iPhone 8 production early
Apple needs to integrate a fingerprint reader in the Magic Keyboard like Microsoft has done here
New Chinese New Year Easter Egg in iMessage
Tip: while in a call hold the mute button to put a call on hold
Touchscale - Use your 3D Touch Device as a scale!
Scrolling Changes Coming to Mobile Safari in Future Update
LPT: Use "Reader view" in Safari to never look at ads again
Apple Readies iPhone Overhaul for Smartphone's 10th Anniversary
Apple Watch FINALLY makes sense because...
AirPods, are they worth their price tag?
Does anyone else find that pressing "stop" doesn't get rid of the alarm?
Dutch Court Rules Apple May Not Use 'Remanufactured' iPads for Warranty Replacements
PSA: If you bought the new MacBook Pro at release, remember to use price protection (if your credit card offers it) before it expires
Apple releases new 'Earth' commercial featuring Carl Sagan
ARKit is a game changer
Apple Seeds First Beta of iOS 10.3 to Developers
Google Maps On iOS Now Remembers Where You Parked Your Car
PSA: Find My Mac Has a Serious Security Vulnerability | Remember to set a firmware password to keep Find My Mac from being inadvertently disabled
IAMA recently ex-Apple Store employee! AMA!
If Apple expects use to use Siri on AirPods or Apple Watch, they need to release more than 5 action types a year.
Earpods - can also double as earplugs! Who knew... #optusfail
Apple Reports Second Quarter Results
Apple and Valve Have Worked Together for Nearly a Year to Bring VR to MacOS
Apple acquires popular Apple Watch &amp; iOS sleep tracking platform Beddit
Does anyone else think copy/paste feature is very buggy?
iPhone market share grows 6.4% in USA, takes share from Android in most markets
Tomorrow is the last day to get discounted USB-C accessories from Apple
TIL Macbook Touch ID can be used for fast user switching...
Alleged iPhone 8 Schematic Depicts Dual-Lens Vertical Rear Camera, Hints at Wireless Charging
The early 10.5-inch iPad reviews are in, and the verdict is expensive but near perfect
Three generations of 15" Macbook Pros - Still digging the last gen
iOS 11 turns your iPad into a completely different machine
One-Handed Typing iOS 11
Apple Music will now notify you when your favorite artists release new music.
How to convert entire iMessage conversation to a searchable pdf without having to scroll back months?
Apple to halt royalty payments to Qualcomm until end of ongoing legal battle
~24 hours until WWDC and no software leaks!
Apple introduces spec-bumped versions of the current Mac Pro and confirms it is working on a "completely rethought" Mac Pro with Apple-branded pro displays that will launch at some point beyond this year.
This seems legit...
A little more than 1 month till WWDC...Where are the iOS 11 rumors from the usual sources?
Exploit that caused iPhones to repeatedly dial 911 reveals grave cybersecurity threat, say experts
What is the oldest part of the Apple site you can find that is still active?
Chris Lattner Refutes Claim He Left Apple Over 'Openness'
iOS 11 is coming at WWDC! What features should we expect?
The Talk Show from WWDC 2017 with Phil Schiller and Craig Federighi is up
[Question] Wife wants me to make a "sex tape" with iMovie on my MacBook Pro ... I'm concerned about the footage getting hacked off the Mac ... should I be?
With the latest update of Pages you can add LaTex equations!
Just noticed 12" Macbooks can be configured to 16GB of RAM now!
Apple reveals it was served a secret national security letter
It's almost halfway through the month, is Apple even going to have a Keynote this month?
Imagine if the next iPads come in Matte Black and Jet Black
Leaker of the iPhone 8 dummy answers questions; 7.1mm thick, metal frame will be black not silver
Apple officially launches ‘Today at Apple’ with special events at all 495 stores worldwide [Gallery]
Chinese Police arrest Chinese Apple employees for selling customer data stolen from Apple's internal system
iOS 10.3.3 Beta has new wallpapers on iPad Pro?
Apple Store told my Mom that because her iPhone battery can't be replaced, they'll give her a new phone for the $79 service charge. Is that right?
Is Refurbished The Way To Go For Macs?
Does anyone else remember when the Music app was called iPod?
PSA: Overcast 3.0.3 brings back swipe-to-delete
Zotac unveils two Thunderbolt 3 enclosures to attach external GPUs to Apple's MacBooks
Apple Will Fight 'Right to Repair' Legislation
Does Apple use Amazon web services? Because Amazon and Apple are having serious issues right now.
With native HEVC/h.265 support in iOS 11 and macOS High Sierra, you can bet 4K movies are on the horizon for iTunes.
TIL 'Siri' means 'beautiful woman who guides you to victory' in Norwegian
Vanilla—hide Mac menu bar icons for free
Possible Leak Suggests Next iPhone SE or iPhone 7s Could Have Strengthened Ion-X Glass Display
Apple Seeds Second Beta of iOS 10.3 to Developers
iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video (MacStories)
WWDC 2017 | Live Thread
Wouldn't it be great to really clear iOS notifications with a swipe?
Apple Music Subscribers Are 'Well Past' 20 Million, Says Eddy Cue
Ikea's smart lighting will soon work with HomeKit
PSA: Don't put your 2016 Macbook Pro on magnetic surfaces
So I was snowboarding with my AirPods...
iOS 11 Maps has greatly improved.
LPT: Add a ".hushlogin" file to your home directory to remove the "Last login" string from each new tab in Terminal, as well as improve the login time for each new session.
Why is the dashboard still in macOS?
The Size of iPhone’s Top Apps Has Increased by 1,000% in Four Years
56 new emojis; Unicode v10
Apple is about to report $250 billion in the bank, keeps 93 percent offshore
Apple is reportedly reinventing the iPhone's fingerprint reader
Apple releases three new ads tempting Android users to switch to iPhone [Video]
Removing AirPods
Mass production of next-gen iPhones underway, glass chassis for both iPhone 7s and OLED iPhone 8
Apple Watch + AirPods
Anyone want to see the Music app overhauled?
Apple, please bring the News app to Canada
All Three 2017 iPhones Predicted to Have 3GB of RAM and Lightning Connectors With Faster Charging
There's apparently a hidden VR-Mode for Apple Maps in iOS 11
KGI Says 10.5 inch iPad Pro and Siri Speaker Coming at WWDC
New MacBook Pro Display vs 2013 MacBook Air
AAPL price crushes old record, cruises past $1,000 pre-split per-share price
Apple Names its New Campus Auditorium 'Steve Jobs Theater'
AirDrop is crazy fast
How the apple watch saved my life
Two years in, what has Apple ResearchKit accomplished?
Apple denies imminent iPhone 6 battery exchange program in the works
Surprised no one is talking about "screenshots"!
Apple: stop routing idiots over a closed mountain pass
the iPod Hi-fi
Just switched from Galaxy Tab to 2017 iPad
iOS 11 can automatically delete apps you don't use
Apple finally admits it has an office in Cambridge, England, reportedly home to Siri researchers
T-Mobile calls DirecTV Now 'barely watchable,' offers switchers from AT&amp;T a free year of Hulu
Apple's April Fools
Apple Investigating Issue With AirPods Randomly Disconnecting During Calls
Apple to start its online store in India during Diwali 2017
Force pressing the refresh icon in Safari gives you the option to request desktop site
TIL you can stop an alarm by pressing the home button.
With iOS 11 on my iPad, I now have all my apps in the dock
PSA: Genius Bar Replacements are not refurbished
Apple Seeds First Beta of macOS High Sierra to Public Beta Testers
Apple - Home App - Welcome Home
Apple acquires AI company Lattice Data, a specialist in unstructured ‘dark data’, for $200M
What are some free apps that every macOS user should take advantage of?
iPad Pro 10.5 - First impressions
Would you guys support/use a built in VPN selector in iOS?
Built in password manager in iOS 11!
Pet Peeve - When card readers don't show that they take Apple Pay until after the transaction has started.
Watched my 7+ get run over about 10x yesterday.
Why is the touchpad of the Macbooks so good?
MacOS Malware Linked to Russian Hackers Steals Passwords, iPhone Backups
Apple investors shrug off Samsung Galaxy S8 event, send stock upward
It'd be nice if my frequently used emojis synced across all of my devices.
Someone Recreated Apple's Legal Terms and Conditions Into a Graphic Novel
Supply Chain Evidence Mounts for Advanced 3D Sensing Abilities Coming to iPhone 8
WWDC Housekeeping
PSA: For users of iCloud Photo Library and on Windows, the Photos web app has been significantly revamped, and more closely mirrors the macOS app. Also, much faster
Do you guys pay for icloud?
I just changed my iPhone 5 battery, and I fall in love with it just like first time!
Apple rolling out iOS 10.3 beta 3 for iPhone and iPad
Apple Allegedly Partnering With Carl Zeiss for Augmented Reality Glasses
How have AirPods changed your audio lifestyle?
Narwhal 2.11 update adds support for alternate app icons for iOS 10.3 and above!
Purported iPhone 8 schematics show ‘bezel-less’ front, rear Touch ID, same thinness as iPhone 7
Watch Steve Jobs introduce the iPhone 10 years ago today
Hackers Threaten to Remotely Wipe 300 Million iPhones Unless Apple Pays Ransom
Apple CEO Tim Cook tapped to advise President Trump's 'Office of American Innovation'
Finally joined the 64-bit iOS world (SE) from iPhone 5 + iPad 4. Gaming graphics are noticeably improved and framerate is double. Here's some screenshots showing the graphics difference in Jurassic World.
Don't be fooled - the i5 and i7 on the MacBooks are rebranded m5 and m7's
Absolutely love how quiet the 2016 MBPs are
Chris Lattner (creator of Swift and LLVM) is leaving Apple
At $153.45, Apple now has a market cap of $800.05 billion
Five States Are Considering Bills to Legalize the 'Right to Repair' Electronics
Apple is in talks to launch its own Venmo
Apple CEO Tim Cook: Why we’re withholding royalties owed to Qualcomm
Apple granted patent for Touch ID sensor in power button as uncertainty remains over iPhone 8 approach
Something creepy and weird just happened with my iPhone 6
PSA: New phishing email going around.
Apple permits iPhone app chronicling US drone strikes to return to App Store
So I finally bought some Bluetooth headphones...fair to say the hate on here is massively overblown.
Apple, other tech giants will support transgender student's case
Chuck Thacker, lead designer of the Xerox Alto – which inspired the Macintosh – dies
In app Keychain support in iOS 11.
Apple patented a pizza box, for pizzas
Jeff Goldblum Nearly Became The Voice Of Apple's Siri
iOS 11 public beta is coming this week, here’s how to prepare
Apple Loses Fourth Place to Xiaomi in Booming China Smartphone Market
iOS 11 Notification Center, do you love it or hate it?
Does anyone else want W-1 Bluetooth speakers from Apple?
PSA: Apple is removing their limitations on price matching
Are there any good 'learn to draw' apps that take advantage of Apple Pencil? I haven't found any!
WikiLeaks reveals CIA malware that "targets iPhone, Android, Smart TVs"
PSA: The app Colorfy tries to trick you into a $13/week subscription. That's right, per WEEK.
Google’s blob emoji are great and no one will convince me otherwise
@MKBHD : "What I wanted to be a trend in 2017 smartphones: Big batteries . What is actually a trend: Dropping headphone jacks"
Verizon Announces Plans to Install Spyware on All Its Android Phones
Google plans to block ads natively in Chrome (mobile &amp; desktop)
/u/andrewk77, the guy who won an LG G6 from Android Authority on March 5, finally received it today - Just 5 days after making the Reddit post that got to the front page
Google’s Android Overtakes Windows as the World’s Number 1 Operating System
There's a home screen for everyone. #myAndroid
Dear World, Please Copy Twitter and Add a Night Mode to Your Apps | Droid Life
Android Authority doesn't ship "giveaways" meanwhile using your social media accounts to market their website for free
Samsung will use Google Play Music as the default music app on its devices
Netflix now supports downloads to SD Cards with latest update!
Samsung has Removed the Ability to Remap the Bixby Button on the Galaxy S8/S8+
WhatsApp backdoor allows snooping on encrypted messages
Sorry, Apple, the headphone jack isn’t going anywhere
Samsung including a free 256GB microSD card with each Galaxy S7 purchase
OK, Google: Don't put ads in the Google Assistant
Google Play now considers user engagement, not just downloads, in ranking games
Android O is here
TIL Google keeps a recording of every single voice command you've ever spoken to your phone, and you can play them back months later
Google: Later this year, consumer Gmail content will not be used or scanned for any ads personalization
Google Home Is 6 Times More Likely to Answer Your Question Than Amazon Alexa
Marques Brownlee: First one that makes an app to remap the Bixby button on the Galaxy S8 to Google Assistsnt wins my $$$
Introducing Google Gnome
Firefox Focus New to Android, blocks annoying ads and protects your privacy – The Mozilla Blog
Google Allo drops off the top 500 apps chart on the Play Store
A 'brand new' Google Earth will arrive April 18th
REAL WORLD comparison of Android Auto vs Apple CarPlay
Samsung's Galaxy S8 will reportedly have both a headphone jack and a desktop dock
Google says to developers, "Implement filters to improve search usability". Meanwhile, Google Play Store has never supported search filtering or even sorting results.
Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices using Google's Widevine DRM
PSA: Don't install the Meitu photo app, its sending IMEIs to some srvers in China.
Nintendo Switch Joy-Con controllers work natively on Android
Exclusive: This is the Essential Phone
Samsung chief Lee Jae-yong arrested on charges of bribery
Spotify and Waze partner to play music and navigate seamlessly
Google says it fixed a lot of the security holes the CIA exploited
Google’s “Fuchsia” smartphone OS dumps Linux, has a wild new UI
It's still difficult to just buy a Google Pixel today, and that's insane
Instagram launches selfie filters, copying the last big Snapchat feature
My app stolen by reverse engineering tools and re_published on google play
Snapchat has a huge problem with Android, and it's causing investors to worry
Official: The Google Assistant is coming to more Android phones
Google Maps Introduces Location Sharing
Totally CLEAR Galaxy S8 - Worlds FIRST!!
Confirmed: OnePlus 5's Display is Upside-Down - Likely Causes Jelly Scrolling
Excessive Lag Time Between Device Announcement and Release is Killing Excitement
Google to stop absorbing cost of Play Store refunds outside of 48 hours, will deduct funds from developer payouts
A lack of alternatives to Qualcomm is hurting the ecosystem
Exclusive: Nova Launcher finally gets Google Now integration [APK Download]
Opinion: Even if you can, you probably shouldn't buy a Google Pixel anymore
Samsung announces McAfee security software comes pre-installed on Galaxy S8 smartphones
This spoof Apple site illustrates the sophistication of today’s phishing attacks (works on Android Chrome, Firefox, Chromium but not LineageOS browser)
Pixel 'demand is exceeding supply' at Verizon stores: Wave7 | FierceWireless
The Essential Phone will have an unlockable bootloader
Google Voice gets a new look for its first major update in years
How is apps like this even legal?
SMS support for Hangouts officially ends today, excluding Project Fi subscribers
Ikea to launch google home compatible smart home devices.
HTC 10 owner with the pink tint issue considering going to consumer court after HTC refused to acknowledge the issue
Google’s new experiment Triangle lets you block individual apps from using mobile data (currently being tested in the Philippines)
Serverside problems with Facebook and Messenger were likely responsible for recent battery drain issues.
Why are apps like these allowed on Play Store? I got this suggestion from Trending section.
A Year of Google Maps &amp; Apple Maps
Difference in the smartphone culture in India and the US.
Android is the only thing stopping Samsung from achieving Apple like control
"In order to streamline our efforts further, we will be retiring the Google+ Hangouts API." Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th
Samsung is beating Microsoft in the battle to turn a phone into a PC
Why do so many people dislike the blob emojis?
Samsung concludes Note 7 investigation, will share its findings this month
Google’s New AI Is Better at Creating AI Than the Company’s Engineers
How to Remap the Bixby Button on the Galaxy S8/S8+ to Launch Google Assistant
Welcome home to the new Google Earth
Stephen Hall: "Waterproofing definitely coming with next Pixel device."
Pocket Casts on Twitter: "Random pro tip: Asking Google Assistant to ‘Open Pocket Casts’ doesn’t work, but ‘Open Casts’ does. No idea why ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
Google Talk is dead, Hangouts is the new Slack, Project Fi users are screwed and everyone hates Allo
OnePlus finally confirms no Nougat update for the OnePlus 2
Secure messenger Signal testing end-to-end encrypted video calling in new Android beta, iOS beta to follow soon
Nexus devices are getting Google Assistant in future update.
Google Hangouts is getting a major overhaul to take on Slack
WARNING to all Wileyfox owners: your location data and WiFi information is being sold
Google pushed developers to fix security flaws in 275,000 Android apps
Have phones become too expensive?
The Essential phone being used on public transportation.
Google is making OEM support of Android's directly reply and notification bundling features mandatory
The OnePlus hype needs to die
Google Assistant, four months later: Still fragmented, still unfinished, still the best
While Android Leaps Forward, Samsung's Software Still has Trouble Catching Up to its Hardware
David Foster, Head of the Google Pixel Division, Leaves Google to go back to Amazon
Touching OnePlus5 with just one finger causes the 5GHz WiFi to cut out completely
NoPhone Durability Test
Google Play Store adds Free App of the Week Section!
Not on my watch: Huawei CEO sees no future for wearable smart devices
Shuttle Music Player is now open source!
Game developer's code is so bad it breaks the app sandbox and actually manages to corrupt data as a non-root access.
Super Mario Run Revenue ‘Did Not Meet Our Expectations’: Nintendo
Samsung says two separate battery issues were to blame for all of its Galaxy 7 Note problems
Phone startup Nextbit has stopped production and is selling its assets to Razer
Google, please bring back Google Play Edition devices!
Snapchat now requires location for all basic filters.
Samsung Electronics to Release Galaxy Note 8 after Revealing Results of Galaxy Note7 Fire Investigation
Kotlin on Android. Now official
YouTube's mobile app will soon adapt any videos to fill the screen
Comparing Android N &amp; iOS10
Verizon to stop outgoing calls from remaining Galaxy Note 7's
Google Allo is coming to Desktop soon
Dear Samsung! - MKBHD
This goes to show some of the most horrendous problems we have in Android right now
Nova Launcher 5.2 is rolling out
Samsung will soon let you unlock any Windows 10 PC using a Galaxy fingerprint reader. - The Verge
APKUpdater, the open source tool for updating your apps quickly without an app store, has reached version 1.5 and can now update, search and install from the Google Play Store and now uses APKMirror's official API.
How the Android O emoji would look if it were flat.
Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus (top to bottom) in black sky, orchid grey and arctic silver
I really like the consistent icons in Android O
Hey Moto, how does it take 9 months to roll out Android Nougat? | AndroidAuthority
Verizon is Reportedly Sending Pixel Owners a Free Daydream View Headsets to Apologize for Shipment Delays
Here comes Treble: A modular base for Android
It seems Huawei are trying to dodge their 2 year warranty obligations in Australia.
Galaxy S8 camera can capture 1000fps videos, iris sensor gets an upgrade too
Snapchats new update is great
VLC for Android adds picture-in-picture support for Android O in latest beta update
Pixel C, the latest tablet from Google, is still missing HDMI support since day 1
Google has a new way to call out poorly made Android apps
Android Can’t Compete With iMessage. Google Is Changing That
Netflix was just the start: Google Play Console lets developers exclude app availability for devices that don't pass SafetyNet
[Update: New behavior] Chrome Beta Now Asks If You Want To Replace Downloads Rather Than Clutter Your Device With Dupes
Black market Blackphones get sent a kill message that bricks them [Updated] | Ars Technica
HTC U Ultra Rant: Skip this One!
Sony develops first smartphone sensor capable of shooting super slow motion at 1,000fps
Two months after the Google Home's release, it still can't perform many basic tasks
LG G6+ with 6GB RAM and 128GB storage is now official, facial recognition coming next month
If Apple made some hardware changes, would you be tempted to switch?
DisplayMate reviews Galaxy S8′s display, crowns it as the best smartphone display
Next wave of cheap smartphones should cost $30: Google CEO Sundar Pichai
Malware found preinstalled on 38 Android phones used by 2 companies
In an 18:9 world, we need a new way to quantify screen size
Google offers at least $880 million to LG display for OLED investment: Electronic Times
Will 'bezel-less' be the big smartphone design trend of 2017?
Android Pay set to launch in Canada on May 31st
Latest Google Play Music v7.9.4920 is crashing on launch for a lot of users
Google Maps updates it Local Guides program with a new points system and more levels
Totally CLEAR LG G6 - JerryRigEverything
Oh my god the Google Maps avatar finally points in the direction the car is going rather than which direction your phone is pointed in the car.
Sources: Google's second-gen Pixel XL, muskie, has been cancelled - probably to be replaced by even larger phone
Rumor: Android O to feature revamped notifications, picture-in-picture, smart text selection toolbar w/ Assistant, more
PSA: Google says ‘production of the Pixel has not stopped’ despite erroneous Telus email | 9to5Google
Update: Our tipster says ‘budget Pixel’ not necessarily a Pixel, but is ‘being developed alongside the Pixel 2’
Sony's patent indicates using NFC to wirelessly recharge your smartphone battery using another smartphone in its vicinity
Fragmentation Isn’t Android’s Fault, It’s the Manufacturers’
First look at Nokia 6 Official Video
Huawei reportedly made less profit last year despite selling 30% more phones
Bluetooth 5.0: Explained!
WhatsApp adds GIF search through Giphy, raises maximum media sharing limit from 10 to 30
Alleged Galaxy S8 front panel leaked
Google Home/Amazon Echo Easter Egg!
How to Get Google Play on a Kindle Fire and Install Any Android App You Want
Google Play Music redesign
Samsung confirms its new artificial intelligence virtual assistant will be called Bixby
Qualcomm Blocked Samsung from Selling Exynos to Others
Opinion: Google should fix its erratic reminder system
Google plugs severe Android vulnerability that exposed devices to spying
Google Maps starts showing parking availability for some users
New Android Messages adds ability to add people mid-chat.
Galaxy S8 battery test. 8 hours 4 minutes. The phone is set at max resolution, max brightness, and playing YouTube videos the entire time.
Hell No. PEEL remote just gave me a popup ad mid text message.
Phonograph is now open source.
Nokia confirms to release its new smartphones by the end of June
Galaxy S8 pictured next to iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 Edge
Do NOT Trust OnePlus 5 Benchmarks in Reviews - How OnePlus Cheated
Google Allo 11 prepares for Google Duo integration, adds group QR codes, more.
Android O will Improve SMS Authentication for Apps
Source: Pixel 2 ‘walleye’ and ‘taimen’ Specifications Revealed
SanDisk's new 256GB microSD card drastically improves app loading times, but you'll pay $199 to shave seconds on those loading times.
RIP Blobs: Google Redesigns Emojis
Why don't Google and Android engineers care about scrolling?
Oppo’s new camera lets you zoom in 5x further with no loss in quality
Samsung galaxy s5 remains Samsung's most popular device.
Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus dimensions show compact phones with huge screens
Galaxy Note 8 to reportedly miss out on in-screen fingerprint reader as well
64GB Samung Galaxy S8 Unlocked Smartphone $425, S8+ $525 w/ Any Smartphone Trade-in
The Tor Project just released the ooniprobe Mobile App for Android to measure Internet Censorship &amp; Performance
Nexus 5 Is Still Surviving Despite Its Lack Of Software Updates
Trademark confirms that Galaxy S8's nearly bezel-less display will be called ‘Infinity Display’
Tomato, tomahto. Google Home now supports multiple users
Users of MX Player have been complaining about the fullscreen ads it recently added and version 1.8.16 has finally removed them.
Burger King's annoying ad that activated Google Home just won a industry award
Google Photos: Give and get the photos you care about
Relay for Reddit 8.1.0 beta rolling out now with a new interface for comments - Material transitions, Auto draft saving, Image uploading to Imgur, and more
Android Wear has made it trivially easy for fashion companies to 'make' tech products
Galaxy S8 camera is amazing: Here are the first photos and video samples
Google will bring drag-and-drop feature in Android OS with machine learning
I/O keynote stream
Francisco Franco (Franco Kernel device) asks OnePlus to release Nougat kernel sources for OP3/T
Google Hires Apple’s Key SoC Architect to Make Its Own Mobile Chips
An old smartphone is a time capsule you never knew you were filling
Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Said To Come With In-Display Fingerprint, Launching In The Second Half of 2017
Am I crazy or has Google Keyboard gotten worse?
Google ruins the Assistant’s shopping list, turns it into a big Google Express ad | Ars Technica
Refresh button for Play Store updates is now in testing
OnePlus is doing everything right lately
It's here. Meet your Google Assistant.
Anyone else have a old phone because they cant find one worth the upgrade?
Google Play app revenue up 82% in Q4 2016
Refurbished Note 7 variants passes through FCC.
Google Contacts 2.0 for Android redesigns the people view, account switcher, more
Google shuts down Burger King's cunning TV ad
The Essential Phone doesn’t consider a headphone jack essential
4GB Ram Upgrade for Nexus 5X possible. • r/nexus5x
How Dash Charge Works ft. Emily Ratajkowski - YouTube
Google Music 4921 is out to solve crashing.
Who actually prefers a fingerprint scanner on the back rather than the front?
Xiaomi enters North America with Redmi Note 4 launch in Mexico
LG G6 officially confirmed to scrap modular design, launching ‘in the very near future’
OnePlus 5 official launch event announced. June 20 12 PM EDT.
This case is literally an entire Android phone that you attach to your iPhone
OnePlus 5 beats the Samsung Galaxy S8 and the Sony Xperia XZ Premium at Geekbench
Erica Griffin Galaxy S8 &amp; S8+ In-depth review.
Samsung’s Galaxy S8 has no ugly carrier logos to detract from its wonderful design
20+ Apps that use and augment Android Nougat's Quick Settings Tiles
I modified the Recent Apps Animation to Be More Of Material Design
Android 7.1.2 beta 2 separates the 'R' roaming indicator from your data connection, allowing you to see what type of data connection you're on
Dear Google, It's Time to Let me Choose my Own Damn Emoji
Burger King’s new ad forces Google Home to advertise the Whopper
Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+: Official Introduction
Stock icons look amazing if all developers actually implement adaptive icons. Consistency is awesome.﻿
[Humor] XKCD comic accurately representing chat apps and why SMS isn't going away for a while
Attention amoled phone users! I have created a subreddit for backgrounds optimized for amoled screens! Submissions welcome
For those who love icon packs, here's a list of ones that have gone on sale for free
Telus first Canadian carrier for Essential Phone
Nokia is back from the dead with a trio of pure Android phones
OnePlus to discontinue its 5-month-old smartphone, OnePlus 3T
OGYouTube Just Received Its Last Update Ever - Support Forcibly Shut Down For Good (x-post from /r/androidapps)
Chrome Beta 57 adds full tab controls to Chrome Custom Tabs
Pixel C gets the Pixel Launcher, Pixel-style nav buttons, and more in 7.1.2 beta 2
Yesterday OnePlus said the OP5 jelly effect is normal. Today they inform they will fix it with a software update.
Can we all agree to stop linking to sites like this?
KGI: Galaxy Note 8 to feature dual-camera design w/ 3x zoom, Galaxy S8 selling better than expected
High-res Galaxy S8 Plus leak shows more of Samsung's new software
Whatever happened to Instant Apps?
Nova Google Companion 1.1: Adds support for Lollipop
8 GB RAM in smartphones: Massive step forward or unreasonable hardware race?
I have an LG G6. AMA
[Android Police] Google will discontinue Google Now Launcher in the coming weeks
Evleaks: I've been seeing this misreported quite a bit, so, just to clarify: Galaxy S8 - 5.8" QHD, Galaxy S8 Plus - 6.2" QHD. Both displays are, ofc, SAMOLED
Galaxy S7 display defaults to Full HD after Nougat update, but you can switch back
Tell Google you want those Stereo Speakers back in the Pixel 2. Here is the official Pixel feedback thread in googles product forum.
Google Messenger renamed to Android Messages
Rumor: The Galaxy S8 will have a headphone jack after all
Half-naked girls get thousands of upvotes, how many for our boy in blue?
New video show off working Galaxy S8 unit
Android O feature spotlight: Downloads of system updates can now be paused
WhatsApp is rolling out sharing of all file types (slow roll out for some users, stable and beta)
‘State trojans’: New German law enables police to hack into encrypted messengers(WhatsApp, Telegram etc.)
OnePlus 5 official wallpapers are available to download
Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with more than 5 times the S7 pre-orders in South Korea.
Google closed the Android System battery drain bug reported in Android N saying things are working as expected
Google Home is coming to Canada June 26th, along with Assistant in Canadian French and English
Xperia XZ Premium Official Video
Andy Rubin teasing new phone.
Source: Google’s Pixel 2 to feature improved camera, CPU, higher price, but ‘budget’ Pixel also in works
Android Device Manager renamed to "Find My Device" with new UI!
Amazon Aims to Put Fire Phone Nightmare Behind With 'Ice' Smartphones
Xiaomi stops disclosing annual sales figures as CEO admits the company grew too fast | TechCrunch
Rick Osterloh: Hey all, Google's own Chromebooks aren't "dead" as has been reported. They will live on, we just have *no plans to share at this time* ;)
How Android Pay works if your card is cloned
Samsung's UI Fluidity Problem Needs Fixing
[App] Team Troll: Add your LEAST favorite teams, receive notifications when they are losing
Motorola seems to have lost it with their new ad
Swiping down on the fingerprint scanner now opens up the notifications in Nexus 5x in 7.1.2
Google is making release notes compulsory for every new release of the app versions • r/androiddev
Thank you, Google Photos.
Defying all expectations, the ZTE Axon 7 becomes one of the first non-Google phones to get Android 7.1.1
Study: hundreds of apps in Google Play Store that help users connect to PCs via Wi-Fi leave some ports open and poorly secured, exposing the device to hackers
Google app finds relevant part of video in results
Vertu Constellation: The $6000 Phone
Google Assistant for every phone was the best move Google will make in 2017
CyanogenMod Theme Engine is dead, LineageOS to find replacement
Google Photoscan patch v2 — resolution increased to 12 MP (4000x3000 px)
Google's not-so-secret new OS
Snapdragon 835 will debut on the Galaxy S8, LG G6 to use Snapdragon 821 instead
Allo: New features rolling out today. Chat backup/restore, incognito mode for groups and link preview
Bloons TD 5 is currently free!
[PSA] The google app's latest update is broken. When you swipe off a card, it crashes.
Android O confirmed for Nokia 6, 5 and 3
So... I saw an actual Note 7 in the wild yesterday.
Your original NVIDIA Shield Android TV isn't being left behind | Android Central
Android 7.1.1 running on the 7 year old Samsung Galaxy S (GT-i9000)
Galaxy S8 case leaks, showing 3.5mm headphone jack and USB-C port
Samsung S8 ad: Ostrich
Gboard 6.1 adds quick access to Google Translate, redesigned theme picker, more
Giant 18.4" Nokia tablet running Nougat.
OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed
Sync for Reddit v14 is going live on Play Store
Google Home is playing audio ads for Beauty and the Beast
Google Git has a page for Nexus 6 Android O test builds
Ever wondered how many different unlock patterns are possible?
LG to update G4, V10 with new operating system (Android 7.0)
Samsung Galaxy S8 schematics surface, shows a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor
Until we have an Apple Watch of our own, no one is going to take Android Wear seriously (opinion)
OnePlus Service Center asks Water Damaged OnePlus 3 Owner Rs 48,000 to Fix the Rs 28,000 Phone
120Hz adaptive refresh displays - future or gimmick?
Android Experiments - The goal is to push the limits of what's possible on phones, watches and beyond using the unique capabilities of the Android!
Android O introduces a gorgeous new look for media art in notification controls
All Fossil watches are getting Android Wear 2.0 in March
Nova Launcher 5.1 rolling out
How to Force 'OK Google' Hotword Detection to work when the Screen is Off on any Device [Root]
Google makes ADB and Fastboot Binaries Available for Download Separately
Changes to our rules
Forget Apple. Xiaomi CEO Now Wants to Be More Like Costco
Nova Launcher 5.1 Beta 1 Adds Dynamic App Badges - Badge icons with content from their notifications
Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ full specs and price leaked ahead of launch
Elder Scrolls Legends Launches On Steam, Android Tablets
Do you want the GPM app to get an overhaul?
What happened with the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 - Official Samsung Video
283 Android VPN apps analysed - 18% do not encrypt traffic, 84% leak information, 2 out of 3 use third party tracking libraries
Reminder that the CEO of Snapchat owes us better support
Facebook Messenger can insert GIFs from Google's Gboard
Fake reviews: Somebody is buying thousands of 5-star Google Play reviews for WhatsApp
Moto and Huawei are replacing the Android keys with a touchpad, and I like it
Snapchat (finally) adds bundled notifications!
Google Home and Wifi arrive in the UK
What is the point of a future proof phone if updates are only 2 years?
OnePlus Reveals OnePlus5 Design
Fossil announces a slew of branded hybrid analog and Android Wear watches at Baselworld 2017
Class action lawsuit targets LG over legendary G4, V10 bootloop issues
Zagg responds to JerryRigEverything scratch test
YouTube now formally lets you opt in for Material Design on the web
Google Play Services v10.2 is out. Gingerbread is deprecated, more health data types for Google Fit among other changes
Bootloops and battery issues ruined the Nexus 6P and are definitely cause for a lawsuit
Galaxy S8 facial recognition can be bypassed with a Photo
Lots of reports of people getting signed out of Google Play Services tonight. Discuss.
My S7 Edge battery blew up!
The US International Trade Commission has agreed to investigate LG, MediaTek, Sigma Designs and Vizio for allegedly violating AMD's graphics patents
Evan Blass: Snapdragon 835 Info
ZUK Mobile is shutting down, all new devices will be named Lenovo Moto - GSMArena
Samsung will sell refurbished Galaxy Note 7 with a 3000~3200㎃h battery, said Korean site.
Googler's comic pokes fun at Nexus and Pixel smartphone shortages
Galaxy S7 edge wins Best Smartphone award at MWC 2017
@HTC : "HTC U11 camera has been ranked the highest DxOMark of 90"
Nokia 8 new images
Evan Blass: OnePlus 5 powered by 2.35GHz octa-core Snapdragon 835 processor and 8GB of RAM will release on 22 June 2017
Google Photos Prepares to Allow for Editing the Date and Time of a Photo
OnePlus 5 - so what exactly does that "telephoto" lens do again?
Stephen Hall: Andromeda was shelved
An incredibly fast search widget is coming to Chrome for Android, here’s how to try it now
Google released a patch for Gboard that eliminates all the lag issues
Rootless pixel launcher that support Iconpack, App renaming, App Hiding, Adaptive theming, App tray transparency, Changing Icon size, Changing grid size, Save scrolling position in apps tray and Notification badges
LG will extend the G6's warranty to 2 years for free
Top 5 Google I/O 2017 Recap!
Nope, T-Mobile isn’t rolling out support for Google’s RCS offering in Messenger | 9to5Google
Anybody miss IR blasters on flagship Android phones?
The issue of security in LineageOS
Google Maps morphs into Ms. Pac-Man for April Fools’ Day. Brace yourselves, it’s already April Fools’ in some parts of the world
LG posts its best quarterly profit in almost 8 years
Delivering RCS messaging to Android users worldwide
Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5
Smart assistants are the new Android skins, everyone is building one and most are still pretty useless
Pixel boss Rick Osterloh: Pixel 2 is coming this year and staying premium
Snapdragon 450 On The Way: 14nm, Octa-Core Cortex-A53 Chipset
Galaxy S8 Official Case leaked, confirms Rear fingerprint sensor
Google Officially Adopts the Payment Request API, Allowing you to Pay with 3rd-Party Apps in Chrome
OEMs need to stop promising updates they can't deliver
New Phones with Old Android Versions: Why Security Patches &amp; Feature Updates Lessen the Downsides.
Graphics drivers can be updated from the Play Store in Android O
Samsung’s biggest challenge now is Google software, not Apple hardware
Thoughts after owning a Pixel for 5 months
[Opinion] Google desperately needs a simple messaging strategy
Rootless Pixel Launcher Port
Want to completely disable/uninstall those pesky bloatware apps that carriers load onto our Android devices? One simple ADB command will take care of it for you on any Android device running 5.0 or higher!
What are some of the lesser known strong points of your phone?
LG bootloop defect lawsuit expands to cover G5, V20, and Nexus 5X devices
Samsung announces Exynos 9 lineup with support for 1Gbps LTE speeds and 4K video recording at 120fps
Google Daydream does not work on the Galaxy S8
Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom Officially launched - Dual cameras, SD 625, 5000mah battery
We Seriously Need The Way Apple Has Planned To Make App Review Prompts Less Annoying
Galaxy S8 vs LG G6: MrMobile vs MKBHD!
[NSFW] A very WTF test of the HTC U 11's edge sense
We need to seriously talk about TouchWiz lag.
I really like the consistent icons in Android O (when using a launcher that supports it)
Google photos lost the ability to backup only while charging
Google's Fuchsia OS project started 1 year ago. It has an 8 person team. It's something you should start thinking about in 2020. Maybe.
Google Play is running a $.99 movie rental deal through July 7th
Gboard v6.2 Adds Cursor Control, Cut/Copy/Paste Buttons, and Prepares for Handwriting Support
Android Malware Secretly Downloads and Purchases Apps from Google Play Store
PSA: Unofficial, ad-filled version of F-Droid on Google Play. Be careful
Google Pixel Mac transfer problems due to ancient Android File Transfer software
This is the OnePlus 5
Hey r/Android. I had been using the Galaxy S8 as my daily for a couple of weeks, but somehow, I decided to ditch it. Don't get me wrong, Samsung made an amazing futuristic phone, but handing and holding it is a nightmare. What do you guys think? Did anyone have a similar experience?
I received a different text in Messenger from what my girlfriend sent to me. (Link and description in album)
Google Carrier Services update
Anyone else wish more phones had an IR blaster?
Users can finally start a Duo call from inside an Allo chat starting today
Microsoft to launch a major revamp of Skype, beginning with Android
What are the most beautifully designed Android apps?
Google Play Store 7.8.15 Prepares for Instant Apps Support
Samsung Galaxy S7 edge battery life on Android 7.0 Nougat
Google Assistant will use more than one device to improve accuracy of voice commands
Top 5 Smartphone Cameras: The Blind Test!
Nokia Wants To Make Its Android Phones The New Nexus Phones
Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown]
Pixel performance engineer on OnePlus 5 cheating
Pixel Launcher rickrolls users in the App Screenshots
Issue 230848 - android - Bootloop of death bricking Thousands of Nexus 6P - Android Open Source Project - Issue Tracker
7.1.1 image for Nexus 6 now available
Leak reveals Snapdragon 835 SoC and 6GB RAM for HTC 11
Nova Launcher 5.2-beta1 adds Android O notification badge style and round search bar
Introducing Google Play for Pets
Google keeps radio silence as botnets flood Play Store with fake reviews
Used a Galaxy S8+ briefly tonight
For those with Samsung Pay, Google Play gift cards are currently 20% off
PSA: I already see people misunderstanding 'downloadable fonts' in O; it DOES NOT mean you can download your own fonts to use
OnePlus 5 doesn't have 2x Lossless Optical Zoom it's actually 1.33x
Google disables location sharing in Google+ before enabling it for everyone in Google Maps
Google May Finally Enable Custom Themes Built on Sony's RRO Framework
Cheetah Mobile has created the cringiest ad for their launcher
Google Duo's new audio calling feature now available worldwide
Android O feature spotlight: There's now a progress bar for installing APKs
Fire Emblem Heroes is now available for Android
(X-post from Google) Your already purchased HD movies WILL NOT play in 4k if they are compatible.
Samsung neglects updating S7 &amp; S7 Edge Unlocked US Models...users receiving updates at a pace slower than Carriers....
We've got some exciting news! (Razer bought Nextbit)
HTC | Save the Date
Google Camera 4.3 adds a setting to disable shutter clicks and other sounds
According to Les Numeriques, the touch latency of Galaxy S8 is 89ms, the same as Oneplus 3T (90ms) was heavily criticized for having last year
Play store should force apps (at least popular ones) to write useful changelogs
Google is doing a terrible job at shipping its Pixel smartphones
How to set up an Android phone for your kid
Exclusive: Moto’s new entry-level phones, Moto C and Moto C Plus revealed
Google killed the shopping list feature from going to keep where it's handy and available to a webpage that it's cumbersome and hard to get to. Why do they kill useful features?
[RUMOR] Apparently Google is seeking anti-tamper/DRM technology to use on the Play Store apps
Long time Android user, who watched WWDC
Francisco Franco about Android O and the future of Pixel Phones
David Ruddock on Twitter: What if I told you Google will announce the launch of Assistant for all Android 6.0+ devices today?
I've owned every iPhone since the 3G, and now I have a Google Pixel.
Boost for reddit is back in Google Play
Keyboard typing is already rolling out in Google Assistant
Google have incorrectly used the Lira symbol '₤' for their Pound '£' emoji in Android O
Google Play Turns 5 Today!
Open Whisper Systems:There is no WhatsApp 'backdoor'
Music teams from YouTube and Google Play combine
Get a sneak peek at Android Nougat 7.1.2
Exclusive: Hands-on with Google’s Visual Search for Android
Experimental Nighttime Photography with Nexus and Pixel
Leaked logo confirms Samsung will use the name “Galaxy S8+”
BlackBerry KEYone Unboxing and First Impressions!
Google Pixel 2 (Taimen) spotted on Geekbench with 4GB RAM, runs Android O
Paranoid Android returns with Android 7.1.2 Builds: Pie Controls, Color Engine, and More!
New Google Search UI (Beta 6.14.17.21)
Google Spaces To Be Shutdown April 17th
On Whatsapp beta 2.17.163 you can "pin chats" to the top!
Spigen accuses Andy Rubin's company Essential Products of trademark infringement, Essential responds with ��(ಠ_ಠ)��
GS8 Image via @evleaks
Fact Check now available in Google Search and News around the world
Anyone remember the Nexus Live Wallpaper from Gingerbread? Well, with this app, you can get it on any version, root-free!
PhD archaeologists have received $900k to bring ancient sites back to life in virtual reality - Free app on Play Store
Just got an update email from Google: no more carrier texting from Hangouts
LG hits record phone market share in US
Latest update to xposed on Nougat progess, Rovo explains why it's taking so long
CRTC puts an end to locked cellphones and unlocking fees [Canada]
User Pipataki has UNLOCKED the bootloader for Amazon Firephone and posted a test file for Lollipop! Never knew this day would ever come.
Google finally address the wakelocks​ battery drain issue and how they will fix it in Android O.
Super Mario Run hits Android on 3/23!
From XDA: Oneplus 2 is NOT getting Nougat, according to an email from customer support
Official Blackberry KeyOne
Qualcomm sued by US regulators for anti-competitive practices
[GALAXY S8] Samsung sets shipment target of 60m for Galaxy S8
evleaks: The Moto Z2 Force won't be a Verizon exclusive this time around; T-Mobile will carry it, for instance.
How can chinese companies offer great specs at such low prices?
New Google Voice About to Launch?
Francisco Franco's Opinion Regarding Galaxy S8: "With the S8 everything changed. It's the first device since One Plus One that made me forget about the iPhone."
If Android O does wind up being called "Oreo", it would be the perfect time for Google to integrate a full theme engine.
[Hands-On] Google Contacts web rolls out a better looking Material Design interface to everyone
HTC U11 has sold better than its predecessors, the M10 and the M9, after already 1 week.
MrMobile: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Redemption In Glass
My Icon Pack is now FREE for today only.
Be wary of fake "leaks," especially from Twitter accounts like @VenyaGeskin1
Huawei Executive Says 4GB of RAM is Enough, 6GB/8GB RAM is a Waste
Fresh Galaxy S8 renders highlight design
After the OnePlus 2 Update Trainwreck, Software Support is Paramount to OnePlus’ Success
Is OnePlus even relevant anymore at their current price range?
The OnePlus 5 will arrive this summer
Chromebooks will get new Android O features before phones do
Google Allo 9.0 suggests its desktop chat client will work just like WhatsApp
Opinion: Google, why can’t you just let people backorder the unlocked Pixel?
2 years ago, I decided to learn Android development and here is my journey of becoming an Android indie dev
Tasker new interface is coming soon
The Galaxy S8 launches March 29 in New York
Nokia confirms US availability of its Android phones
As Google Neglects Tablets, Microsoft and Apple Push the Envelope
Google Nexus 6P Battery Early Shutoff and Bootlooping– Class Action Investigation - Chimicles &amp; Tikellis LLP
Google app v7.6 beta points to the return of "What's this song?" in Assistant
[Megathread] Google I/O 2017
Android "O"reo ?
Exclusive: This is the Galaxy S8
Samsung Galaxy S8: Times Square Takeover
Pete Lau confirms OnePlus 3 and 3T will get Android O
@Android on Twitter : Clean &amp; simple look: ✔️ The latest updates: ✔️ Nougat: ✔️ There’s a lot to ❤️ with @Nokia &amp; #Android. Welcome to the fam! #AndroidMWC
I made a 3-minute video overview of how to make a simple Android counter app
Oreo collaborates with Google on Google Earth mobile game - Launches today
CEO Sundar Pichai recalls Google job interview, 'I thought Gmail was a joke'
Doogee MIX is official with a 5.5" FHD Super AMOLED display on a bezel-less body.
It’s settled: The LG G6 will have a “full-metal” body
Updated: Do NOT Trust OnePlus 5 Benchmarks in Reviews
Google providing the option to turn off Cast media control notifications for a Chromecast or Google Home device
How have you "repurposed" your old phones?
Samsung predicts biggest profits in three years, just three months after Note 7 recall
Apparently you can remap the bixby button with a 3rd party app
HTC’s Ocean Note will reportedly use the same camera sensor as the Google Pixel with added software tweaks.
Google's Inconsistent Messaging Space Complicates Sticking with One Service
Megathread: Google Unveils First Android O Developer Preview
Hilarious article from April 2009 : "Has Android already failed?"
LineageOS 14.1 (Android 7.1.2) running on the 5 year old Samsung Galaxy S3 mini (GT-I8190)
Oracle refuses to let Java copyright battle die - another appeal filed in war against Google
Android Pay can now be downloaded/setup from the Play Store in Canada
Android O is Breaking Apps that Overlay on top of the Status Bar
Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge is still a great phone, and now great value thanks to the S8
Tech Sony filed a patent application for a wireless battery power transfer. Theoretically this would enable you charge your phone wirelessly from things like your refrigerator, TV, computer or even your washing machine
Google prevents using android hotspot with chromecast.
No, Google Isn't Eavesdropping on You for Ads and Predictions
I wasn't pleased with 3D live wallpapers on the Play Store, so I made my own collection! Check it out!
TIL the brands OnePlus, Oppo &amp; Vivo are all subsidiaries of one 'BBK Electronics Corporation'
Google confirms to us that the wider Assistant rollout will not reach tablets
Why don't more manufacturers do "Double Tap To Wake"?
Google App 7.1 beta is testing a search bar in the notification panel and may begin showing pollen counts [APK Teardown]
Samsung says Bixby voice assistant won't ship with Galaxy S8
Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used
What features would iOS have to include for you to consider switching?
What’s New in Android: O Developer Preview 2 &amp; More
Google Assistant 7.2.23.21 now has IFTTT-like functionality
Spotify set to restrict certain albums to paid users only
Xiaomi India Introduces End of Life Product Take back and Recycling Program
Which Android manufacturer updates its phones the fastest?
Nintendo's Fire Emblem Heroes will arrive on Android first (Feb 2)
Pokémon GO Has Grossed $1 Billion Worldwide Since Launch
Google May Have Third, Larger Phone in the Works Under Codename "Taimen"
Hands-on with Google’s new Fuchsia OS and the ‘Armadillo’ UI [Video]
"This is LG's G6 smartphone, coming February 26th" The Verge
Google Pixel 2 - Wishful thinking/a quick mockup of the phone I'd like to see.
I find it very bizarre that Google Assistant doesn't support typing.
HTC’s U Ultra is a compendium of bad ideas
Please don’t spend $50 on a screen protector for Samsung’s Galaxy S8
Nav Bar Customization was Hidden in Stock Nougat All Along...and it never needed Root
Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 slides
Google Assistant doesn't work well with Google Allo. The irony.
New photo of Essential Phone!
TWRP v3.1.0 will Bring Support for Backing up Directly to your PC
This is the Samsung Galaxy S8, launching March 29 | VentureBeat | Mobile
Sundar Pichai just hinted at how Google will make money from maps, and it sounds like lots of ads
Benchmark Cheating Strikes Back: How OnePlus and Others Got Caught Red-Handed, and What They’ve Done About it
Best way to request a tiny feature from Android/Google?
Samsung Left Millions Vulnerable to Hackers Because It Forgot to Renew a Domain, Researchers Say
Google Sells 1 Million Pixels In Eight Months
The Play store should allow you to hide apps.
[Meta] Links to APKMirror have been Suspended by Reddit
[Rumor] OnePlus 5 to release with 3600mAh battery and frontfaced fingerprint reader in early June
T-Mobile Introduces New Network Technology to Protect Customers from Phone Scams | T-Mobile Newsroom
Should the google assistant voice take breaths?
Signal can now be used without Google Play Services
TIL: Long press in Google Camera locks focus.
Redesigned Adaptive Icons
NVIDIA SHIELD (2017) review: Still the king for a reason
OnePlus pushes OP5 ad/notification on OP3/T phones
Galaxy Note 8 shown off in leaked render (+more details in comments)
LG G6 battery capacity revealed: "more than 3,200 mAh"
Express yourself with Gboard for Android's newest features
Samsung Galaxy S8+ screen replacement to cost $275/€250
Chrome 57 will have DRM enabled permanently
Security researchers call for Guardian to retract false WhatsApp “backdoor” story
LineageOS on Twitter: "Builds should be going out soon! "
Remember when Motorola developed a "password pill" that, when ingested, would give you instant access to your devices? Yeah.
Long time contributor and app packager, krt, leaves F-Droid
Qualcomm S7 Engineering boot images leaked; root is now possible
Difference in touch latency between Google Pixel and OnePlus 3T
"That said we'll plan to build a Tor Browser for Mobile (Android) later this year which will supersede Orfox. It should get as regular updates as the Tor Browser for desktop (and should have feature parity as well). So, stay tuned. :)"
Some people are unhappy that Google lens is just improved google goggles. I think this comic sums up the complexity of it.
Textra Update (3.34) finally adds support for Nougat notifications, as well as Pin to Top and auto-theming!
Google has a built in Fidget Spinner
Google Play Music Stops Playing at Random Points
Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus renders hint at dual camera, no stereo speakers
Facebook and Instagram are updating themselves outside of Play store
Samsung Confirms a Galaxy Note 8 for Release in 2017
OPINION: 2015 was the worst year for android smartphones.
Typing into Google Assistant feels like some kind of strangely retro-futuristic command line interface.
Photo of the Essential phone in hand
Introducing WhatsApp Status
Moto z play unlocked price reduction to 399.99
Nokia 6 Android 7.1.1 update now rolling out!
Sony Xperia XZ Premium slow motion is a BURST of 960 FPS goodness
Nick Fox on Twitter: "First ever cross-carrier RCS interconnect is live! Now Sprint and Rogers users can message each other over RCS. Many more to come!"
Benson Leung responds to "USB-C needs to get smarter before it gets better"
Nougat kernel sources for OP3/T now available
PSA: Samsung will set your default browser page to Samsung.com with a system update.
Google's next Pixel phones are likely codenamed 'muskie' and 'walleye'
T-Mobile is rolling out Feb. 2017 security patches to the Galaxy S4 and Tab 3, their first updates since 2015
I made an app to use a big phone with one hand by utilizing the screen edge's gesture. Support navigation, recent, favorite, last apps, quick settings, shortcut. To celebrate the biggest update with new Material design and more customizable I made Pro version FREE to download in 1 day from tomorrow
Note to Shazam Users: If you enable the Auto Shazam tile in your quick tiles (available in 7.0+) it breaks Google Now and Google Assistant, even if you toggle it back off. A reboot will fix it.
Netflix places limits on how many times you can download certain content
Finally, live TV made for you
This Is The New BlackBerry | Michael Fisher
Big Surprise: The Galaxy S7 is the most popular Samsung handset in the world
Deal: A Dark Room is on sale for free (normally $0.99)
Huawei admits buying a P10 or P10 Plus is a bit of a lottery - Android Authority
Samsung: Over 96% of Galaxy Note7 phones returned to date
Deal: Game of Thrones Season 5 (SD) is free on Google Play
Next Magisk version is already going to support Android O
Android users will surpass Apple users in app spending in 2017, report says
Saying ‘OK Google’ is awful, but Google may be open to changing it
Super Mario Run now available to download!
Carbon ROM (Android 7.1.1) nightlies out for Xiaomi MI2, Xperia Z3, Xperia Z5, Nexus 6 &amp; Pixel
Samsung Pay quietly enables support for Discover cards
Is ES File Explorer basically malware these days?
Pavel Durov on Twitter: The source code of Telegram for iOS and Android is open and free. Enjoy!
OnePlus 3T 128 GB not discontinued, new stock on the way
Snapchat IPO filing: "we will need to prioritize development of our products to operate on smartphones with Android"
Evan Blass: "Mark your calendar: Android Wear 2.0 launches on February 9th."
If Android Oreo needs one thing...
Boost for Reddit still suspended after five days
Nexus and Pixel Devices Migrate to SDCardFS in Android O
A new generation of Chromebooks, designed to work with millions of apps
Samsung starts rolling out Android Nougat to the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge
Google Allo Is Losing Steam In The World’s Largest Smartphone Market
Samsung loses top spot in worldwide smartphone share to Apple in Q4 | 9to5Google
The P10 Hardware Lottery Exemplifies the Kind of Decision-Making That’s Holding Huawei Back.
I just had the worst customer service experience of my life with LG customer service.
Samsung Galaxy S8+ spec @evleaks
Android O DP3 is out!
Find your next job, with Google
Lineage OS 14.1 has been Ported to the Ancient Samsung Galaxy S i9000
Android Pro Tip: One click scans with Google Drive
Taking aim at annoying page jumps in Chrome
Update: Google says it ‘has not made any revisions to the Pixel or Pixel XL hardware
G Suite Update Alerts: Gmail no longer supporting Chrome Browser version 53 and below
Almost all phones come with gyroscopes now. So why don't manufacturers utilize it to stabilize videos?
Google home now supports multiple users
This is why Sony phones in the U.S. don't have fingerprint sensors | Android Central
LG switching to OLED, abandoning LCD on its future flagship phones-- LG V30 and LG G7
PSA for Fleksy users: The servers are finally down.
Android Phones Are Safer Than You Think, Says Google's Head Of Android Security.
Expanded replies in the YouTube app are improved, no longer minimize videos
The Play Store seriously needs a better rating display
Millions of apps could soon be purged from Google Play Store
Google Play Music now allows you to set the download quality and quality when streamed over WiFi
Taking and Sharing Screenshots Returns to Google Assistant
Samsung Exynos 9 Series (8895) Processor is now Official
Nokia 6 Entirely Sold out in Just a Minute in First Flash Sale
Google patent suggests phone packaging that doubles as a VR headset
Samsung Singapore forcing owners to sign NDA before getting a phone exchange.
Fuchsia OS video preview
How to Use Snapseed: An In-Depth Tutorial Guide
Hugo Barra has left Xiaomi
Google Voice app to get VoIP calling on Android, possibly signaling move away from Hangouts
Consumerist article about LG Nexus 5X bootlooping issues
Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion)
Exactly 1 year ago Fleksy was acquired by Pinterest and promised to go open source
Samsung patents a thinner dual camera system
What LastPass Users Can Expect in Android O
I did a test on every single USB cable I own - here are the results
Google app v6.10 beta prepares to add a "search gesture" and enable keyboard input for Google assistant [APK Teardown]
Google should also have a dark theme for everything
XDA-Developers Urges OnePlus to Comply with GPLv2 and Release Kernel Sources
Facebook moves to a bottom navigation bar on Android.
Google Photos rolling out suggestions for photos to archive
Remap Bixby Button - New Solution (x-post r/GalaxyS8)
Joaquim Vergès (Falcon Pro) is leaving Twitter to join Twitch Android team
LineageOS: Update &amp; Build Prep
BlackBerry awarded $814.9m in royalties case against Qualcomm
Audio Calls on Google Duo rolling out worldwide now
An Introduction to Effective Theming for new Android Users
Samsung Flow now unlocks any windows via fingerprint and have seamless notification sync
LG G6 has upgraded Quad DAC over V20
HTC's 2016 revenue hits an 11-year low but Huawei is growing faster than the industry average.
Let Google Know what you think about ALLO!
New Play store UI in testing
Google Map Maker is dead
Samsung to launch new wireless noise cancelling headphones alongside the Galaxy S8
Evan Blass: "Those bemoaning the dearth of branding on the S8 will be pleased to learn that the top 1/4" of screen will be hard-coded to display SAMSUNG."
Galaxy S8 shows off its almost bezel-less display, through screen protector
Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ Review Megathread
Google is moving to a new issue tracker, currently only used for Android O
Report: LG to Unveil its Next Flagship, V30, at IFA 2017
Hi /r/Android! Join us over at /r/apple for Apple's annual WWDC!
6 months ago, I decided to learn Android app development on a whim and made an app. Here's my journey.
New ways to pay with Android Pay and PayPal
Effectively using Android without Google Play Services with gplayweb in Docker
Android O APIs are final, get your apps ready!
Xiaomi just announced the SurgeS1 (all A53 cores) their first SoC developed in-house
Android Messages will be new default texting app Google wants you to use
Why OnePlus Will Not (and Really Should Not) Drop The Headphone Jack Anytime Soon
Why are apps like fb/ Messenger getting too big? Xpost from r/apple
Making the OnePlus 5
Making email safer with anti-phishing security checks in Gmail on Android
What phone upgrade did you make that made you really go "Whoa! This is a proper upgrade!"
Brush up on Gboard’s latest tips and tricks
Deal: Sprint permanently discounts HTC 10 to $240 | AndroidAuthority
Check out the Evie Launcher if you haven't!
@OnLeaks: Size comparison between GS6, GS7, Note 7, GS8, and GS8+
How WhatsApp is fighting spam after its encryption rollout
Xiaomi Set to Launch Its Own Processor "Pinecone" SoC on 28th February
Google Play Music is testing an Autoplay option that resumes playback when you launch the app
F-Droid: A new UX 6 years in the making
You can now upload Instagram photos from its mobile website
Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ Coverage Round-Up MegaThread
Huawei quietly removes mention of UFS 2.1 on Mate 9 product page
Samsung to completely disable Galaxy Note 7 battery charge
Samsung opens US preorders for unlocked Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus
Telegram 4.0 - Video Messages and Telescope, payment and more
Actually, Android IS optimized - Gary explains
Opinion: After Many Updates and Growing Pains, OxygenOS is Now a Class-Leading OEM ROM
Pixel 2 on gfxbench, 5.6 display, SD835, 4GB ram
Target ad shows Galaxy S8 and S8+ preorders beginning April 2
Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Hatsune Miku Special Edition announced
Opinion: Qualcomm, once a driving force behind Android, is now slowing it down.
Android Distribution Update for June 2017: Nougat Hits 9.5%
24-hour test: Well, hot-diggity-damn, BlackBerry's KEYone is one hell of a comeback (El Reg).
Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 may have curved AMOLED display, taking up to 93% of front area
Bug report suggests that LG is manufacturing rumored Pixel XL successor ‘taimen’
A Look at What Makes the OnePlus 3 &amp; 3T Excellent Performers
Android Police: Why you shouldn't buy the Huawei Honor 6X
Google Play Store Update (v8.0) is now showing Change Logs In-Line For Me
Google Play Music powered alarm clock coming soon.
The Galaxy S8 costs about $83 more to build than the iPhone 7
Share your trips and real-time location from Google Maps
What Do You Think of Bezel-Less Smartphones in 2017?
New Motorola phone with Snapdragon 835 SoC, and Android 7.1.1 spotted on Geekbench
Chainfire XDA on Twitter: "I have basic root on Android O Developer Preview 1, but there are still some issues to be worked out."
Top 5 Dying/Rare Android features that should be revived.
Coming soon: Your Google Assistant on Android TV and more
Google Phone 9.0 prepares to add Android O's Notification Channels, picture messaging, post-call messages, and more [APK Teardown]
Buy the LG G6 now and get a Google Home on LG
Google's unique update process is one of the best parts of owning a Pixel
The dream of Ara: Inside the rise and fall of the world's most revolutionary phone | VentureBeat | Mobile
Samsung releases kernel sources for the Exynos-powered Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+
ShareIt app is reporting all app install/uninstalls on your device to, seemingly, chinese server
Instagram on Android gets offline mode
So, what are you using Assistant for? Let's share tips.
Google Play Music Bug Discovered That May Drain Your Battery If You Use Adblock
New Android Beta update today (NPG47I)
@OnLeak: I guess this is our closest look at what #Samsung #GalaxyS8 might look like... Dat Damn Sexy Beast!... �� https://t.co/v6m4fsovlz
It seems like most Exynos S8 devices seem to have UFS2.1 whereas with Snapdragon devices it's a mixed bag with many having only UFS2.0
Inbox v1.41 prepares to intelligently choose snippets from emails and allow sorting [APK Teardown]
Hey Google, if a user *manually* signs up to beta test new features, then that user should immediately be enrolled to beta test. These are your enthusiast users who are willing to help, don't babysit them with your server-side switches!﻿
Google Allo 9.0 prepares for chat backups to Google Drive &amp; external storage [APK Teardown]
The Samsung Chromebook Plus might be the best place to try new Android features
How Google plans to tackle power consumption even more aggressively in Android
Neural Network-Generated Illustrations in Allo
Blu is still outfitting phones with Android Marshmallow (from 2015) in 2017
How to get Google Assistant on your Windows, Mac, or Linux Machine
Best apps not on the Google Play Store?
The Honor 6X is official: Metal body, fingerprint sensor and dual cameras for $249
Google photos 3.0 rolling out with Suggested Sharing and Shared Libraries
Bixby Rapping Again
I made a concept for what the Google Search Bar might look like in the notification center!
LiveStream: Two google home systems talking to each other
[Carrier Deal] T-Mobile now offering to pay off your Pixel/Pixel XL when you switch from Verizon
Imagine a world where every Android phone has the Google Pixel’s camera
Google Play Music All Access finally goes live in India, starts at just ₹89 ($1.40) per month
Galaxy S8 UAG official cases leaked on company website, available for pre-order
dbrand already has skins for the S8 and S8+
Xiaomi phones will come to the US by 2019
YouTube TV is now live
Firefox can no longer play YouTube on background
Could Google be avoiding it's own single integrated Messenger because of antitrust suits?
PSA: Google Allo's new Assistant button is now rolling out for everyone
Samsung Galaxy S8 front-camera to have AF and iris recognition
Need to measure shit? Don't like permissions? Use Measure! (Now with metric units!)
LineageOS stats - 515,000 active installs
Ever since Google switched to Google assistant, I stopped using it to search for things.
Google Assistant Rollout
Play Store testing new My Apps screen with separate Updates tab and different sorting methods
OnePlus says ‘jelly’ scrolling effect on OnePlus 5 is normal - The Verge
The Google Play adware apps that just won’t die
Exclusive: Moto Z2 Force revives the headphone port (new renders and video)
Ron Amadeo: A re-review of Google Home, 7 months in.
Headphone jack likely to remain on Sony Xperia devices (for now)
OnePlus 5 Review!
We All Need More of What Moto and the Snapdragon 625 are Cookin'
USB-C needs to get smarter before it gets better
Don't expect Allo web client release today
Qualcomm Details Snapdragon 835: Kryo 280 CPU, Adreno 540 GPU, X16 LTE
Samsung says Galaxy S8 preorders were its best ever and promises software fixes
Galaxy S8 Durability Test - Scratch, Burn, and BEND tested
Rumor: Note 8 to sport a 6.3-inch screen and dual-camera setup
I made an app to turn your old tablet or phone into a smart mirror interface
Netflix finally adds ability to play/pause with headphone controls
Introducing the Google Assistant SDK
The Galaxy S8's misplaced fingerprint scanner was probably a last-minute change
Google Pixel XL - Hidden Feature
Samsung Q4 earnings jump 50% despite Note woes
Rogers regarding RCS "Android customers have been looking for a similar service to Apple’s iMessage, which didn’t exist until now."
Xiaomi reportedly wants to build its own SoCs, break free from Qualcomm
Gigabit LTE is live in Australia: The future is here, and it’s amazing | Qualcomm
LeEco cuts 70 percent of its US workforce as its lofty goals couldn't match the reality of a tough market.
Got an Easter Easter egg in my Android Settings (7.1.2)
Galaxy S8 After 60 Days: What My Review Got Wrong And Right
I made an open-source app to browse the reddit poems of /u/Poem_for_your_sprog (1196 poems right now)! Read the poems with their parent comments, sort them by date/score/gold, and search the full text.
Google Tracker 2017—All the stuff Google has in the works ahead of Google I/O
Official OnePlus 3 (3T) Android 7.0 Nougat!
The Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Performance Preview
A much needed feature: Bluetooth device battery life indicator.
Comment: Better performance or not, ARKit on iOS 11 is already destroying Google’s Tango
I'm an indie Science Fiction and Fantasy author and am tired of seeing kindle dominated by heavy romance and erotica. So I made an android app that announces a free book each day from other genres.
Variety: Essential registered a shell company dubbed “Henry’s Products LLC,” named after one of the company’s office dogs, to keep the product and its plans from prying eyes
OnePlus price evolution has made its smartphones less competitive
Unshackle your Device from the Google Play Store with APKUpdater [XDA Spotlight]
Nova Launcher 5.3 released. Google Now integration and other fixes
VIVO smartphone with finger print sensor under screen
iPhone's high 'failure rate' gives Android the edge on reliability
Counterclockwise: the most popular phones through the years
Why don't we care to re-lock all doors after rooting our phones?
Edge Moto Mod Concept Adds RGB Notification Lighting to the Moto Z Family
Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus most clear look!
Nokia 9 appears on Geekbench with Snapdragon 835 and 8GB of RAM
Google just fixed an annoying freezing bug with its Pixel phone [The Verge]
All six original Mega Man games are now on the Play Store, and yup, they're terrible
Making the Internet safer and faster: Introducing reCAPTCHA Android API
OnePlus working with DxO Labs to improve OnePlus 5's camera
Samsung to produce 4.7 million Galaxy S8 units this month, 7.8 million in April
Galaxy S6 and S6 edge users on T-Mobile are finally getting Android 7.0
Ringing in 2017 with updates to our Google Voice apps
Samsung’s DeX is the closest thing we have to using our phones as PCs
Android Nougat’s Freeform Window Mode: What It Is and How Developers Can Utilize It
Google is doing a great job showing everyone why slow app rollouts suck
Galaxy S8 interface revealed: a new minimalist look for Samsung
Android O feature spotlight: Enabling developer options requires your device's passcode
battery level of connected Bluetooth devices on android
Android O is All But Confirmed to be Android 8.0
Samsung reclaims spot as worlds largest smartphone maker
Gboard for Android gets new languages and tools
Time to stop blaming Google for not bringing new operating systems to 3 year devices.
Info on that nasty ad provider that we started seeing recently on sites even with adblock enabled, extremely hard to block (impossible?)
Crystal clear new Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ pictures
Google Maps v9.54 prepares to add saved locations for your school and gym, notification channels, and what looks like a task list [APK Teardown]
Google's first-ever storewide Play Store sale is now underway!
Samsung press conference: 26th Feb
Samsung to Expand its RCS (Rich Communication Services) Messaging Service
TASKER - Material Design new screenshots available.
MaruOS: Android with a full Linux Desktop over HDMI
Bluetooth Based 2-Factor Authentication Key For Google Accounts Shows Up on Chrome OS
Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8 Plus "Real Review"
OxygenOS 4.1.0 (Android 7.1.1) rolling out for OnePlus 3 and 3T
HTC U Ultra Review
Android O’s Autofill Framework will Finally Resolve a Long-Standing Lag Issue with Password Managers.
MKBHD- Top 5 Future Smartphone Features!
Let's talk about flasgship prices
Android O feature spotlight: Persistent notifications are more compact
Samsung's Galaxy S8 teaser envelope
Magisk dev responds on why Magisk was pulled from Play Store (because of Magisk module Repo)
PayPal Update Brings Android Pay Integration
Twitter Adfree, an Xposed module to remove Twitter promoted posts
@evleaks: Here's the HTC Vive-branded phone
A Galaxy S8+ review from someone who isn't a fan of Samsung.
Automatically Avoid Tolls in Google Maps with Tasker
Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10
1Password demonstrates how Android O's Autofill Framework works [video]
Android Wear 2.0 coming early February
Google and Samsung will be rivals more than ever in 2017 (opinion)
If all smartphone manufacturers were reading this thread, what would you want to say to them?
Why Enthusiast Brands will Betray You
Galaxy S8 headphones are not made by AKG
CopperheadOS - There's no substance to BlackBerry's privacy and security claims
Nova Launcher 5.0.2 beta 3 adds "app shortcuts" to the app drawer!
OnePlus teases the OnePlus 5, might be smaller than OP3T
What a difference 4 years makes to camera image quality!
Android Distribution Report for May 2017: Nougat reaches 7.1%. Gingerbread jumps up to 1%
First Android Wear 2.0 devices revealed: Google and LG's Watch Sport and Watch Style | VentureBeat | Mobile
Microsoft is selling its own Samsung Galaxy S8 Microsoft Edition - The Verge
First Official LineageOS build out for Nexus 5X
Moto’s Z Play is the phone I just can’t quit
People with devices 4+ years old, what would it take you to switch?
Galaxy S8 coming week beginning April 17, report suggests
Google Play Music teams up with Samsung to deliver the right music for you
Hacking the Samsung Galaxy S8 Irisscanner
What do you love about Tim Cook?
PSA: Google Assistant is now more widely rolling out to non-Pixel Android devices
Just released the Android version of my Windows 10 UWP app "Connected Devices". Looking for testers/feedback
‘Designed with our friends at Google’ might be the Nexus brand’s de facto replacement
Android Studio Could Be Coming To Chromebooks
Moto G5 Plus Is Only 7% Slower Than Google Pixel XL In Speed Test Comparison
Source: LG Will Ditch Its Signature Secondary Display for the V30
Every angle of the LG G6
The OnePlus 5 is official!
The Galaxy Note 7 had two separate battery defects
[MrMobile] Jelly: The Smallest Smartphone I've Ever Held
Google says 'Android Wear is not a hobby'
Xperia XZ Premium officially named "Best New Smartphone at MWC 2017"
Beta sign up available for Gboard and Google Play Services
Galaxy S8 Change screen resolution
Is OnePlus trolling us about the OnePlus 5's design? Maybe
Even Blass on Twitter: LG G6.
Persona 5 texting app! Barebones for what it is, but incredibly stylish.
A more advanced guide to total Android customization
A Closer Look at Google's Material Design Components Library
I did a thing.
Is it time to dispense with "OK Google"?
TIL you can use a completely black GBoard theme with your amoled screen (xpost from r/androidapps)
Android's Emoji Problem
Samsung takes 13% of global smartphone profits in Q1, 2017, but Apple is still dominating
Samsung commits to monthly updates for unlocked Galaxy phones in US
Google will now Require OEMs to Prompt before Silently Uninstalling Applications
Sharp will launch a pair of completely bezeless devices on the 17th of July
Android O will see the introduction of an animated clock icon in launchers
Edge Mod adds RGB to your smartphone
Nexus 9 Vulnerability Allowed Attack Through Headphone Port, Fixed in March Update
Apple Music updated to 2.0.0 with all new design
Google fixed the bug that causes unfortunately com.android.systemui has stopped message
Speculation around Google's Fuchsia OS and Andromeda is creating confusion and misinformation
Deeply Integrated Progressive Web Apps (WebAPKs) are Live for Chrome on Android
Google Photos v2.13 video stabilisation works wonders!
New Samsung Galaxy S8 (comparatively) HQ video
Battery became worse? Take a look at this! (x-post from /r/oneplus)
Moto X 2017 will be called Moto X4
Suicide Prevention tools added to Facebook Live &amp; Messenger
Leaked images reportedly show refurbished Galaxy Note 7 with 3,200 mAh battery
Netflix mobile HDR and Dolby Vision coming in Version 5.0
Kodi v17.0 (Krypton) has just been released in the play store
Only a Few Rough Edges Hinder the Pixel from Luring the Apple Mainstream.
Boost for reddit has been suspended from Google Play (x-post /r/BoostForReddit)
OnePlus 5 Review Mega-Thread
WhatsApp brings back text Status it replaced with Stories
Samsung reportedly invested a lot of money to develop an on-screen fingerprint reader for Galaxy S8
OnePlus AMA - OnePlus 5 Edition
Google Assistant on Nvidia’s Shield TV won’t require repetitive ‘Ok Google’ commands [Video] | 9to5Google
Nokia 8: Android flagship to launch in June with Snapdragon 835
Google Rejects XDA Feed Updates for "Unauthorized" Use of XDA's Own Copyright
The SPUD is a collapsible 24-inch screen for your Android that opens up like an umbrella
Open GApps can now optionally install Google Assistant
Samsung Galaxy S8 first to get rip-roaring wireless speeds
Finally switched from iOS to Android, kindly guide me through this transition
NVIDIA Shield Tablet Nougat Update (Upgrade 5.0)
Android Go has a new Recents view as System UI aims to reduce latency, memory usage
Samsung Galaxy S8 launch date will be officially announced on February 27
Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape
YouTube Android App Update (bottom navigation tabs now official)
Are Free VPN Apps Worth the Risk? Experts Say 'No'
Gmail, Messenger and WhatsApp spark Google Play fake review conspiracy
If HMD Does Deliver a Nokia Flagship with Stock Android and Fast Updates, They Have My Money
Magisk v13.0 Beta Updated to Fix SafetyNet Issues
Xperia XZ Premium vs S8, speed test
evleaks: 2017 Moto lineup
G Suite Update Alerts: Receive emails of up to 50MB in Gmail
Tip: You can scan a QR code by opening the Camera app, focusing on the QR code, then activating Now On Tap
Official LineageOS 14.1 Builds Now Available for the HTC 10
Pixel Launcher reaches 1M installs
Android platform distibution - February 2017; Nougat on &gt;1% of devices
OnePlus 5 leaked sketches reveal dual front-facing cameras, ceramic back plate
Google Assistant on the Pixel can now command smart devices with ‘Home control’ | 9to5Google
Eric Schmidt referring to Andy Rubin's Essential phone: Phenomenal new choices for Android users coming very soon.
Two-click downloads of Youtube videos straight from the Youtube app. No youtube red or shady, ad-filled apps required.
Watching this review on my first Android phone from 6 years ago made me realize how fast technology evolves!
The LG G6 User Experience Proves 18:9 Has a Long Way to Go Before It's a Worthy Replacement
Head of Allo and Duo confirms Hangouts isn't going away for consumers
Samsung and Intel file amicus briefs against Qualcomm
Pixel Launcher may be replacing Google Now Launcher on Nexus devices.
Paranoid Android is back!... again
Google is offering new Google Play Music subscribers four free months
Dish unveils a 4K Android TV streaming box with Netflix, Sling TV, and local channels
Jide’s new OS is like an Android version of Windows 10’s Continuum
Pavel Durov confirmed Telegram calls and themes
OnePlus 5 Gets TWRP and Root
Samsung Galaxy Feel announced with 4.7-inch display, Android Nougat
Android N was first announced one year ago today, with an early dev preview. Do you think we'll get a similar early look at O, or will we be waiting until I/O to hear anything?
PSA: Toggling 'Avoid Tolls' in Google Maps now stays selected when searching other routes.
Crowdfunded Moto Z mod would put a shortwave radio messenger into your smartphone
I made an open-source app to browse the reddit poems of /u/Poem_for_your_sprog (1268 poems right now)! Read the poems with their parent comments, sort them by date/score/gold, and search the full text. Now with notifications for new poems, saving your favorites, and statistics.
S8/S8 Plus Chinese version are all 6GB RAM with 64/128GB ROM
Google Carrier Services gets another RCS update
Refurbished Note 7 Coming to Korea for $250 Cheaper
Allow for rearranging YouTube cast queue just like the queue for songs in Google Play Music.
The official OTA to Android O for Pixel will likely drop in the first week or two of August. A bit earlier than Nexuses / Nougat last year.
I found a free open source alternative to Titanium Backup
In case you were wondering, The Galaxy S8’s Always-on home button won’t burn-in
Samsung will reveal the cause of the Galaxy Note 7’s exploding battery this Sunday
May Factory and OTA Images for Nexus and Pixel Devices ---- Now available!
Free: KWGT Kustom Widget Pro Key (x-post r/googleplaydeals)
Do you still use NFC tags? if yes, what do you use them? [2017]
Artist who worked on Pixar's Brave giving Google AI 'personality'
Exynos 8895 Galaxy S8 hits GeekBench, outscores Snapdragon 835 version
OnePlus 5 About screen shows off 8GB of RAM and 128GB storage
Evan Blass on Twitter: "Update: the launch of both the watches and the platform have been moved up a day, to February 8th. *checks dumbwatch* Hey, that's soon! https://t.co/dzG6YPc4kp"
The Moto G5 Plus in all its glory!
Google App v6.16 Prepares for Phone Authentication for Assistant Payments, Creating IFTTT Actions, and Screenshot Crop/Edit
Google Voice 5.0 APK download from APKMirror
This could be our first true look at the Galaxy S8′s design
SlimRoms steals Substratum code
Google assistant available in spanish (Allo for now)
Top 5 LG G6 Features!
Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 Won't Get 7.1.2 Update, But Will Still See Security Patches
Sony Mobile reports full year profit; expects sales growth next year
Warning to those that choose to buy the $45 Verizon glass screen protector for the S8 Plus.
Google has discovered hardware is, well, hard
A new Pixel Launcher design is showing up for some users
Premium smartphones take up less than 30 pct of Samsung's phone sales
My Google app has screenshot crop and drawing tools
Google Voice is FINALLY a complete messaging system for me- now let's just hope they don't kill it off!
TIL: You can finally change the "feature picture" for people in your Google Photos.
S Health changes to Samsung Health - You can now have online doctors visits 24/7
Google Home v1.21 enables access to alarms and timers set on Google Home, confirms multi-user profiles are underway [APK Download + Teardown]
A bunch of information on RCS to try to help stop the confusion and misinformation I'm seeing. Please spread the word! RCS could be monumental for Android!
Meet the Snapdragon 835: a next-gen processor made for power users | Qualcomm
title
Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian foreign minister and ambassador.
The FCC’s craven net neutrality vote announcement makes no mention of the 22 million comments filed
A petition calling for FCC Chairman Ajit Pai to resign is racking up huge numbers
The FCC has unveiled its plan to repeal its net neutrality rules
‘Cards Against Humanity’ Creator Just Pledged To Buy and Publish Congress’s Browser History
CNN and other news organizations were blocked Friday from a White House press briefing.
All References to Climate Change Have Been Deleted From the White House Website
"Maloney Introduces Legislation to Save the Open Internet, Block FCC Rollback of Net Neutrality"
Cards Against Humanity buys plot of land on U.S./Mexico border to block border wall
Mensa offers to host IQ test for Trump and Tillerson
Comey Memo Says Trump Asked Him to End Flynn Investigation
First charges filed in Mueller investigation
Megathread: AP Calls Alabama Senate Special Election for Democrat Doug Jones
"“There will be a [Senate] vote” to reinstate net neutrality, Schumer says"
Trump Campaign Aides Had Repeated Contacts With Russian Intelligence
"Man Boasts Of Sexual Assault, Later Inaugurated 45th President Of United States"
"Marco Rubio took almost $100,000 from Betsy Devos' family before confirming her today."
Democrat wins Va. House seat in recount by single vote; creating 50-50 tie in legislature
"Sen. Flake, in a bombshell Senate-floor speech, 'Mr. President, I rise today to say: Enough.'"
17 women have accused Donald Trump of sexual misconduct. It’s time to revisit those stories
Report: Mike Pence used private AOL email address to discuss Homeland Security issues
Explosive ‘60 Minutes’ investigation finds Congress and drug companies worked to cripple DEA’s ability to fight opioid abuse
"Petition calling for release of Donald Trump's tax returns reaches 100,000 needed for White House response"
Megathread: Intelligence report claims Russia has compromising information on Trump
New York AG to sue FCC over net neutrality repeal
Donald Trump threatens to shut down NBC and other TV news networks that criticise him
Elon Musk Quits Trump's Advisory Councils After President Pulls US From Paris Accord
Sen. Bernie Sanders: Remove Stephen Bannon from National Security Council
The FCC Is Blocking a Law Enforcement Investigation Into Net Neutrality Comment Fraud
Donald Trump's personal banking information handed over to Robert Mueller
Support For Donald Trump's Impeachment Is Now Higher Than His Approval Rating
Comcast quietly drops promise not to charge tolls for Internet fast lanes
Trump told friends at Mar-a-Lago 'you all just got a lot richer' after tax bill passed: report
EU Will Ignore White House And Work Directly With US States On Paris Agreement
Justice Department to appoint special counsel to take over Russia probe
Trump fired Sally Yates the day she offered evidence Flynn was compromised
"Sessions spoke twice with Russian ambassador during Trump’s presidential campaign, Justice officials say"
Democrat Ralph Northam elected governor of Virginia
Disney CEO Bob Iger Resigns From Trump’s Advisory Council Over Paris Accord Decision
Megathread: FBI Director Comey fired
Netflix threatens legal action over Net Neutrality
Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Trump-Putin back channel
Admit it: Trump is unfit to serve
"Special counsel is investigating Trump for possible obstruction of justice, officials say"
Trump personally met with Russian ambassador during campaign
Trump Told Russians That Firing ‘Nut Job’ Comey Eased Pressure From Investigation
NY AG probing ‘massive scheme’ to influence FCC with fake net neutrality comments
"Comey willing to testify, but only in public: report"
Eminem rips Donald Trump in blistering freestyle rap during BET Hip Hop Awards
"Mattis orders Pentagon to allow transgender troops to continue serving, pending study"
Trump: I'm '100%' willing to testify under oath
James Comey asked to testify before the Senate as a private citizen
US Senate healthcare repeal bill fails
The Secret Correspondence Between Donald Trump Jr. and Wikileaks
"FBI to continue Trump-Russia probe but will not update White House, Acting FBI Director announces"
"More Americans support Trump's impeachment than oppose it for first time, poll finds"
Megathread: Federal Court overturns President Trump's executive order regarding immigration
Donald Trump back on the golf course for the 14th time in 10 weeks
"Trump sits, talks through song lowering the flag at military base amid NFL anthem controversy"
Republicans just introduced a bill to remove Mueller from the Trump-Russia investigation
Petition Demanding Donald Trump Release His Tax Returns Breaks White House Record
California bill would make Election Day a state holiday
'I want to quit': Fox News employees say their network's Russia coverage was 'an embarrassment'
McCain says American leadership was better under Obama
"Trump Campaign Coordinator And 'Family Values' Republican Pleads Guilty To Child Sex Trafficking, Faces Life in Prison"
Russian ambassador told Moscow that Kushner wanted secret communications channel with Kremlin
Vice President Mike Pence says climate change is just an issue for the left
Kushner used private email to conduct White House business
"Jones: Men who hurt little girls should go to jail, not the Senate"
Former Fox News anchor: Trump tried to kiss me on the lips
I'm on the FCC. Please stop us from killing net neutrality
Trump reportedly asked Comey to consider imprisoning members of the press
Donald Trump federal judge nominee is asked basic legal questions and can’t answer a single one
Dem to call for Trump's impeachment on House floor
Grand jury subpoenas issued in FBI's Russia investigation
"Donald Trump replaces military chief on National Security Council with ex boss of far-right website - The highest ranking military officer will no longer be a permanent member of the council, but ex Breitbart CEO Steve Bannon will"
White House Warns Reporters Not to Report on Instructions About Not Reporting on Today's Press Conference
President Trump is now directly implicated in trying to cover up the Russia scandal
"Kellyanne Conway encourages Americans to 'go buy Ivanka's stuff,' potentially violating ethics rules"
Congressman proposes ban on Trump hotels use by U.S. government
Laziest President in American History Departs for 17-Day Golf Resort Vacation
Senate Republicans Made a $289 Billion Mistake in the Handwritten Tax Bill They Passed at 2 A.M. Go Figure.
"Secret Service out of money to pay agents because of Trump's frequent travel, large family"
Democrats warn: 'There is going to be a political price to pay for taking net neutrality away from the American people'
White Terrorists Killed More Americans This Week Than Refugees Have in 40 Years
Senate Intel Committee accepts James Comey’s offer to testify in public
Graham: Trump-Russia investigation is now a 'criminal investigation'
Ex-Trump Campaign Foreign Advisor George Papadopoulos Secretly Pleaded Guilty
Small company from Trump Interior chief's hometown wins massive contract to restore Puerto Rico's power
Trump gets a folder full of positive news about himself twice a day
Donald Trump to drop climate change from list of national security threats
Alabama certifies Jones Senate victory
Black voters just saved America from Roy Moore
A woman approached The Post with dramatic — and false — tale about Roy Moore. She appears to be part of undercover sting operation.
Sean Spicer Out as Press Secretary
Don’t sugarcoat this. Trump just called for 32 million people to lose health coverage.
Sean Spicer thinks it's 'somewhat sad' people are still talking about the election. President Trump has mentioned it every day for the last week.
Trump shouted down CNN’s Jim Acosta as ‘fake news’ then took a question from Breitbart.
Donald Trump's travel expenses in 10 weeks cost US taxpayers as much as Barack Obama spent in two years
Trump's motorcade greeted with chants of 'lock him up' in NYC
Trump Impeachment Is Most Popular Solution Among Americans
Trump Impeachment Calls Surge as President Faces ‘Most Serious Scandal’ in U.S. History
Pregnancy to cost 425% more under Donald Trump's health plan compared to Obamacare
"President Trump hits majority disapproval in record time, Gallup finds"
"GOP attacked Obama as an ""amateur,"" but Trump gets a pass because ""he's new to this"""
Trump tweets: The media is the 'enemy of the American people'
Donald Trump's Sexual Assault Accusers Demand Justice in the #MeToo Era: 'We Were Forgotten'
Report: Trump's lawyer hand-delivered Michael Flynn a plan to lift sanctions on Russia
Trump asked intelligence chiefs to push back against FBI collusion probe after Comey revealed its existence
Trump family trips cost taxpayers $11.3m in one month – almost as much as Obama’s cost in a year
Comey to Trump: ‘Release all the tapes. I’m good with it.’
Megathread: Reports: Michael Flynn To Plead Guilty To Making False Statements To FBI
A Rogue National Park Is Tweeting Out Climate Change Facts in Defiance of Donald Trump
Poll: Americans Trust James Comey Over Trump
"One Million People Demand Trump’s Tax Return, Smashing Petition Record"
Eric Trump funneled cancer charity money to his business: Report
Dem wants to publicly release the number of sexual harassment claims filed against senators
Presidential Executive Order Amending Executive Order 13223
"Trump to spend 7th consecutive weekend at Trump-branded property, at enormous cost to taxpayers"
Megathread: Flynn offers to testify for immunity deal.
Ivanka Trump Used a Personal Email Account for Government Work
Va. gov vetoes bill to defund Planned Parenthood
Trump Says He Never Promised to Quickly Repeal Obamacare. Here’s a Bunch of Times He Promised Exactly That.
"Sessions discussed Trump campaign-related matters with Russian ambassador, U.S. intelligence intercepts show"
Republican Sen. Susan Collins is calling on the FCC to cancel the net neutrality vote
Notre Dame students walk out on Pence commencement speech
Trump now agrees with the majority of Americans: He wasn't ready to be president
Report: Alabama Mall Banned Roy Moore in the ’80s for Pursuing Teens
Poll: 42 percent think Trump will be remembered as one of worst presidents in history
Megathread 2: Michael Flynn testifies in plea that he was directed to make contact with Russia by senior Trump transition team officials
Syria signs Paris Agreement - leaving US only country in the world to refuse climate change deal
Angela Merkel says Germany can no longer rely on Donald Trump's America: 'We Europeans must take our destiny into our own hands'
Poll: 61% of Americans Think President Trump Fired James Comey to Protect Himself
"Investigation of fake net neutrality foes has been stymied by the FCC, New York attorney general says"
"If Trump Fires Mueller, We Must Impeach"
Cities Across the U.S. Join Movement to Impeach President Trump For Violating the Constitution
"Mueller obtains ""tens of thousands” of Trump transition emails"
Fox News Was Attacking Barack Obama For Using Dijon Mustard At This Point In His Presidency
"Trump Budget Makes It Official: You’re Paying For The Wall, Not Mexico"
GOP rep: ‘Nobody dies because they don’t have access to healthcare’
Donald Trump criticises mayor of Puerto Rican capital for 'poor leadership'
"Russian Government Sought to Aid Trump’s Candidacy, According to Email"
Trump's Mar-a-Lago trips cost more than trans soldiers' health care
McCain: No American has seen healthcare bill but I'm sure Russia has
"Petition to remove Congress members' health care subsidies gets nearly 500,000 signatures"
Trump made millions of dollars from drug money laundering in Panama
Trump dictated son’s misleading statement on meeting with Russian lawyer
House Democrats want to know why a major Russian money laundering case was abruptly 'dismissed'
Macron: France will cover US share of funding for UN's climate science panel
Trump’s Tweets on Puerto Rico Are a National Disgrace
John McCain Urges Supreme Court to 'Return Control of Our Elections to the People'
White House official says Breitbart was source of Trump's wiretaps claim
FBI conducted predawn raid of former Trump campaign chairman Manafort's home
Donald Trump wouldn't have to make $18m education cuts if Melania lived in White House instead of Trump Tower
White House walks back promise about Trump donating his ‘personal money’ to Harvey victims
229 House Republicans just voted to keep Trump’s tax returns secret
Congress Just Ignored Trump And Boosted America's Science Funding
"Trump offered a grieving military father $25,000 in a call, but didn’t follow through"
Calls for Trump to be replaced by Alec Baldwin after boycotting White House press dinner
The State Department’s entire senior management team just resigned
"The White House hyped up a 'Pittsburgh, not Paris' rally — and Trump skipped it to go to his golf club"
Trump’s Son Met With Russian Lawyer After Being Promised Damaging Information on Clinton
"Full-blown scandal: Trump Cabinet charged taxpayers at least $1,070,594.19 for luxury travel"
"Six People Have Resigned From Trump's HIV/AIDS Advisory Council Because He ""Doesn't Care"""
Time says Trump is 'incorrect' after president says he rejected Person of the Year overture
"Wisconsin’s Voter-ID Law Suppressed 200,000 Votes in 2016 (Trump Won by 22,748)"
History Will Remember These 217 House Republicans for Their Inhumanity
Leaked Bank Records Tie Russian Money To Kushner Startup He Didn’t Disclose
Mike Flynn was paid to work for Russia's top cybersecurity firm while he still had top-secret security clearance
Judge orders Alabama not to destroy voting records in Tuesday's Senate election
"CDC gets list of forbidden words: fetus, transgender, diversity"
Trump Loses Travel Ban Ruling in Appeals Court
Megathread: Donald Trump Jr. Releases Correspondence from Russian Lawyer
Trump Budget Based on $2 Trillion Math Error
Megathread: President Trump fires Acting Attorney General Yates; Replaces with Dana Boente
McCain: Trump’s attacks on press are 'how dictators get started'
Donald Trump has lowest approval ratings of any US president in history
Rubio in 2016: “Can this country afford to have a president under investigation by the FBI?”
Mueller Enlists the IRS for His Trump-Russia Investigation
"After Pledging to Donate Salary, Trump Declines to Release Proof"
New York mayor: City will uphold Paris climate agreement if Trump doesn't
"Trump using campaign, RNC funds to pay Russia probe legal bills: Reuters, citing sources"
Trump threatens to 'compare IQ tests' with Tillerson after 'moron' report
Scarborough to Trump: 'Poor leadership' is golfing while Americans die
"Most Americans want Barack Obama back as President, poll shows"
G7 leaders blame US for failure to reach climate change agreement in unusually frank statement
"Trump Will Have Buses of Supporters Sent to His Speech in Poland, Utilizing Communist Party Tactics"
Dem calls for Trump impeachment on House floor
US court bars Trump from changing military policy on service by transgender people
Florida AG who killed Trump University investigation gets cushy Trump admin job
Almost half of Trump's Twitter followers appear to be fake
"Russian hired 1,000 people to create anti-Clinton 'fake news' in key US states during election, Trump-Russia hearings leader reveals"
"Megathread: Manafort, Gates told to surrender to federal authorities"
Donald Trump mocked by Hawaiians holding 'welcome to Kenya' signs
FCC Chair Ajit Pai Jokes In Video About Being A 'Verizon Puppet'
Anne Frank Center asks Twitter to suspend Trump's account because he's an 'accomplice to domestic terrorism'
"In a Private Dinner, Trump Demanded Loyalty. Comey Demurred."
Putin on US administration: 'It’s difficult to talk with people who confuse Austria and Australia'
Sessions argued in Clinton impeachment that presidents can obstruct justice
Harrison Ford: ‘We’ve got people in charge of important shit who don’t believe in science’
I am an Arctic researcher. Donald Trump is deleting my citations
DOJ releases overruled memos finding it illegal for presidents to appoint relatives
"Robert Mueller expands special counsel office, hires 13 lawyers"
Trump warns Comey: Better hope there are no tapes of our meeting
Tom Price out as Trump administration health chief after outrage over pricey private jet flights
Women lead unprecedented worldwide mass protests against Trump
"Photograph places Jeff Sessions, Russian ambassador together at the Mayflower Hotel"
Donald Trump branded 'international embarrassment' after handing made-up Nato invoice to Angela Merkel
Trump Staffer Responsible For Finding Positive News Stories Resigns
Donald Trump under criticism for tweeting about his approval rating instead of 7 dead U.S. sailors
Trump's Approval Rating Drops to New Low of 36%
McCain Says He Can’t Vote for Graham-Cassidy Health Bill
Trump Called White Supremacists ‘Very Fine People’ But An Athlete Who Protests Is A ‘Son Of A Bitch’
Poll: Trump's approval rating drops to 39 percent
Warren calls for congressional inquiry into Russia: 'This. Is. Not. Normal.'
Trump tells Duterte of two U.S. nuclear subs in Korean waters: NYT
Mueller Expands Probe to Trump Business Transactions
"FCC Got 444,938 Net-Neutrality Comments From Russian Email Addresses"
Trump reveled in leaks that hurt Hillary Clinton. He now calls administration disclosures ‘un-American’.
Mitch McConnell Refused to Meet With Group That Funded His Polio Recovery
It is finished! Roy Moore doesn't have enough votes to trigger a recount against Doug Jones
"Sessions: I can’t discuss conversations with the president. 9 legal experts: Yes, you can."
Megathread: Sean Spicer Resigns from White House Press Secretary Position
"For his birthday, Donald Trump learns that he’s personally under investigation"
Megathread: Mueller Impanels a Grand Jury
Poll: 78 Percent think Russian investigation should be independent
"Delaney Introduces Bill to End Gerrymandering, Reform Elections"
Trump threatens to pull FEMA from Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico’s utility cancels controversial $300 million contract with Montana firm hired to repair electrical grid
Moore Accuser Beverly Nelson Has Solid Defamation Case Against Fox News and Breitbart
"Trump Says The Hurricane That Crushed Puerto Rico Wasn't A ""Real Catastrophe"" Like Katrina"
WH cancels Trump media event after Flynn plea
Trump Pressed Top Republicans to End Senate Russia Inquiry
"Trump Administration is the Most Corrupt Government Institution in the United States, Americans Believe"
The Pentagon Can't Believe Trump Told Another President About Nuclear Subs Near North Korea
Protesters Banned At Jeff Sessions Lecture On Free Speech
Poll: 74 percent want to see Trump's tax returns
People think France's president speaks English better than Trump.
"Pence lied: Led the Flynn vetting process, knew about foreign ties"
Every outlet WH banned from press briefing is chasing stories on Trump’s Russia ties
Corker fires back: Trump's White House 'has become an adult day care center'
"Donald Trump fired James Comey because 'he refused to end Russia investigation', say multiple FBI insiders"
Trump Boasts He’s Signed More Laws Than Any President Since Truman. He’s Actually Signed the Least.
Spicer: Trump didn't mean wiretapping when he tweeted about wiretapping
Melania Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia without headscarf - two years after Donald criticised Michelle Obama for showing her hair
Poll: Support for Trump impeachment rises
"The 265 members of Congress who sold you out to ISPs, and how much it cost to buy them"
First Republican defies her party's scheme to censor the internet
"Ex-Clinton staffer: If Obama cured cancer, Trump would try to bring it back"
Donald Trump's staff 'wiping their electronic devices' in anticipation of giving evidence
FBI agents change their Facebook profile photos to James Comey – a gesture normally reserved for slain colleagues
Donald Trump has state visit to UK downgraded 'and will not be guest of the Queen'
New poll shows majority of Americans want Congress to investigate Trump's contact with Russia
Ethics watchdog blasts Pence for use of government travel to Colts game
Enough. It is time to stand up to Trump.
Donald Trump says 'any negative polls are fake news'
Megathread: Trump informs aides of decision to remove Steve Bannon from White House staff
Trump Fails to Sanction Russia Over Election Meddling and Defies Congress With Three Week Delay
"Memo to Jeff Sessions: You're the country's attorney, not President Trump's"
Donald Trump threatens to withdraw federal funds from Berkeley University after Breitbart editor talk cancelled
Ted Nugent once said Obama should ‘suck on my machine gun.’ Now he wants to tone down the ‘hateful rhetoric’
"Rep. Tim Murphy, popular with pro-life movement, urged abortion in affair, texts suggest"
Republicans Quietly Admit There Will Be No Obamacare Replacement
Schiff: There is now 'more than circumstantial evidence' of Trump-Russia collusion
A Split From Trump Indicates That Flynn Is Moving to Cooperate With Mueller
Megathread: Michael Flynn resigns as National Security Advisor
Trump goes off-script in hour-long public meltdown
Poll: Trump disapproval hits record 60 percent
"Four star general: ""I know something about the flag ... put me down with Kaepernick"""
Poll: Majority says Trump not 'fit to serve as president'
Barack Obama Is Returning to Politics to Fight Gerrymandering
"Vladimir Putin gave direct instructions to help elect Trump, report says"
California legislature passes bill requiring presidential candidates to release tax returns
Donald Trump claims his approval rating is higher than Barack Obama's but data suggests opposite
"McCain is getting the credit, but these women are the ones who really saved Obamacare"
"Michael Flynn to decline Senate Intel committee subpoena, invoke 5th Amendment later today"
"Woman says Roy Moore initiated sexual encounter when she was 14, he was 32"
Trump to go on 17-day getaway to private golf club in N.J.
Trump: 'Nobody knew that healthcare could be so complicated'
"Trump's EPA Greenlights a Nasty Chemical. A Month Later, It Poisons a Bunch of Farmworkers."
"In 2 Terms, Obama Had Fewer Scandals Than Trump Has Had In The Last 2 Weeks"
Trump’s Inauguration Pledged Millions to Charity. To Date: Zero Given.
Congresswoman calls for President Donald Trump's removal under 25th Amendment
Donald Trump takes 12th golf trip since becoming President nine weeks ago
Trump has a problem: Americans increasingly think he's incompetent
Leaked Documents Show Commerce Secretary Concealed Ties to Putin Cronies
37 of 38 economists said the GOP tax plans would grow the debt. The 38th misread the question.
"Jared Kushner didn’t disclose his business ties with George Soros, Peter Thiel, and Goldman Sachs or that he owes $1 billion in loans"
Mexico slaps Trump in face by offering aid to Puerto Rico after his disastrous visit
Alabamians cry ‘voter suppression’ as black voters are forced to cast provisional ballots
I’m a Depression historian. The GOP tax bill is straight out of 1929.
Federal appeals court upholds block on Trump's travel ban
Megathread: Trump dismisses Anthony Scaramucci as White House Communications Director
Megathread: President Trump delivers remarks on Charlottesville during Press Conference
"With cameras banned, CNN sends sketch artist to White House briefing"
US Officials: Info suggests Trump associates may have coordinated with Russians
"Dow Chemical Donates $1 Million to Trump, Asks Administration to Ignore Pesticide Study"
"Donald Trump claims Barack Obama ordered 'wire tap' on Trump Tower, but provides no evidence"
President Trump appears in Panama Papers for the first time
Trump ends homeless vets program as their numbers rise for first time in 7 years
White House finally admits Trump will benefit from tax bill
Trump ‘Sad’ Over Removal of ‘Our Beautiful Statues’
"Hours after Trump calls US justice system 'a laughingstock,' White House denies he ever did"
House Republican: my donors told me to pass the tax bill “or don’t ever call me again”
"Trump accuser: If he has time to golf, he can defend himself in court"
"Roy Moore is the last straw, you can now call me a Democrat"
Ex-Fox News Employee Says She Was Blocked From Investigating Trump-Russia Ties
Treasury refuses to give ExxonMobil special waiver to drill in sanctioned Russia
Trump's Exorbitant Travel Costs Could Pay to Send Puerto Rico 128 Cargo Ships With Aid
Schumer to Trump: Play Comey tapes or admit they don't exist
“I Hate Everyone in the White House!”: Trump Seethes as Advisers Fear the President Is “Unraveling”
Trump called for acting FBI director’s firing hours after FBI agents raided Paul Manafort’s home
Trump fires all members of HIV/AIDS council without explanation
Trump: I pardoned Arpaio during hurricane because I thought TV ratings would be higher
"Senate Obamacare replacement would lead to 22 million more uninsured in 2026, CBO estimates"
Sean Spicer Makes Up Atlanta Islamist Attack
Papadopoulos Claimed Trump Campaign Approved Russia Meeting
Donald Trump heckled with 'you don't give a sh*t about Puerto Rico' as he dedicates golf trophy to victims
Nancy Pelosi: Jeff Sessions Lied Under Oath And Must Resign
FBI Employees Wear 'Comey Is My Homey' Shirts To Family Day
Trump thanks Putin for expelling US diplomats: 'We want to reduce our payroll
Republican tax plan 'includes major break for golf course owners'
"Yes, liberals are planning town hall protests. It's called democracy"
Health Care Overhaul Collapses as Two Republican Senators Defect
Pharma CEO worries Americans will say “Enough is Enough” and embrace Bernie Sanders' Single-Payer Plan
Trump voter fraud panel head confirms he’s a paid Breitbart columnist
The backlash is building over the plan to gut net neutrality
Dem offers bill to remove Bannon from National Security Council
Roy Moore co-authored legal course that argues women should not be permitted to run for office
Trump tells NBC to stop covering Russia story
Democrats save arts funding for NPR and PBS from Donald Trump
"Alabama has the worst poverty in the developed world, U.N. official says"
Netflix CEO: ‘Trump’s actions are so un-American it pains us all’
Scarborough: Conservatives would have raised ‘holy hell’ if Obama attacked FBI like Trump
Fox's Shep Smith: We couldn't find a Republican willing to come on and defend Trump
"Before He Came to White House, Trump Team Knew Flynn Was Under Investigation"
Megathread: Steve Bannon removed from National Security Council
"President Trump’s list of false and misleading claims tops 1,000"
Kellyanne Conway made up a fake terrorist attack to justify Trump’s “Muslim ban”
"Ian Bremmer: Trump, Putin held second informal meeting at G-20"
Trump’s pullout from Paris climate agreement is biggest failure of leadership in American history
Trump Organization worth one tenth of value previously reported
Poll: 73% Back Independent Probe of Russian Election Interference
Tillerson reportedly described Trump as ‘a moron’ and was set to resign in July
Megathread: President Trump Pardons Former Sheriff Joe Arpaio
Donald Trump nominates man whose firm tripled price of insulin to regulate drug companies
Carter Page testifies he told Sessions about Russia trip
Donald Trump's Approval Rating At Christmas Makes Him The Least Popular President Ever
Democrats call for halt to GOP tax bill until Jones is seated in the Senate
White House Warns CNN That Critical Coverage Could Cost Time Warner Its Merger
Jared Kushner hid dozens of meetings with Russians from his application for top-secret security clearance
House Democrats to Trump: We won’t consider tax reform until you release your tax returns
"While Trump enjoys golf, former president Jimmy Carter, 92, is building homes for the poor"
Backlash against Trumpcare erupts across heartland
3M CEO resigns from Trump's panel
President Trump will not attend the White House Correspondents’ Dinner
Donald Trump 'tells Japanese emperor mass shootings can happen anywhere' — in country with no mass shootings
"Sen. Franken Slams FCC, Calling Vote to Undo Net Neutrality ""A Major Step Toward Destroying the Internet As We Know It"""
"In leaked audio, Republicans destroy their own public talking points on Obamacare"
US Defence Secretary James Mattis says climate change is already destabilising the world
Trump closed the White House comment line so people are calling his hotels.
Schiff demands Trump turn over Comey 'tapes'
Kushner didn't disclose personal email account to Senate intel committee
Nearly half of Americans want to impeach Donald Trump
McCain: Trump never apologized for saying I wasn't a war hero
Trump Impeachment Articles Introduced by Six Democrats Calling for Hearings to Begin Immediately
Trump Associate Boasted That Moscow Deal ‘Will Get Donald Elected’
That Net Neutrality Op-ed in the Wall Street Journal Was Written By a Comcast Attorney
Rex Tillerson Rejects $80 Million From Congress to Fight Russian Propaganda Because It Would Anger Moscow
"House Republicans claim an annual salary of $450,000 is middle class"
The Trump administration just disbanded a federal advisory committee on climate change
Donald Trump threatens to isolate Alaska after Republican senator votes against Obamacare repeal bill
"At 3 a.m., NC Senate GOP strips education funding from Democrats’ districts"
"If You Refuse to Condemn Predators because of Politics, You’re Disgusting"
Schwarzenegger’s bipartisan next political act: Terminating gerrymandering
H.R. McMaster classifies Charlottesville riots as 'terrorism'
We fact-checked FCC Chair Ajit Pai’s net neutrality ‘facts’—and they’re almost all bulls**t
"Billy Bush: Yes, Donald Trump, You Said That"
Trump campaign had at least 18 undisclosed contacts with Russians - sources
Trump’s newly unveiled anti-immigrant hotline bombarded with reports of space aliens
Trump transition official in email: Russia 'has just thrown the U.S.A election' to Trump
Mueller is reportedly zeroing in on the Trump campaign's data operation — and the RNC
White House admits no phone calls from Boy Scouts or Mexican president
The entire coal industry employs fewer people than Arby’s
Seth Rogen Boycotts SiriusXM Over Steve Bannon Hire
"Secret Finding: 60 Russian Payments ""To Finance Election Campaign Of 2016”"
The infuriating silence of Donald Trump over an Indian engineer’s murder in Kansas
Comey to testify publicly about Trump confrontations
ACLU Calls for Investigation Into Potential Perjury By Sessions
US government wiretapped former Trump campaign chairman
Four-star general: “I have wasted 40 years of my life” if Trump’s lies represent “who we are”
The New York Times used a full page to print all of Trump's lies since taking office
Donald Trump has assembled the worst Cabinet in American history
"The Trump administration is letting Americans die in Puerto Rico, nurses say"
Trump's personal lawyer hires attorney
"President Trump contradicts son, indicates he knew about meeting with Russian lawyer"
"No, the Texas church shooter was not on the DNC payroll. That’s fake news."
Donald Trump doesn't know the difference between climate and weather
"Hours after Trump signs Muslim ban, Texas mosque goes up in flames"
'Barack Obama Day' Is Now an Illinois Holiday
Rachel Maddow says she has Trump's tax returns
Is the U.S. going to let Erdogan’s goons get away with beating up protesters?
"If Obama threatened to take Fox News off the air people would march ""with torches in the street,"" says Jake Tapper"
Thousands expected at march to impeach President Trump in downtown Los Angeles
Deutsche Bank Is Turning Over Information on Trump
Unsealed Documents Show That Kris Kobach Is Dead Set on Suppressing the Right to Vote
"True: During campaign, Trump pledged to leave marijuana legalization up to states"
Donald Trump Is a Nazi Sympathizer
Megathread: House Health Care bill pulled
Trump says he 'met with the president of the Virgin Islands'
Republicans who obsessed over Benghazi silent on 4 US troops killed in Niger
Trump threatens to leave ObamaCare in place if repeal bill fails
"Justice Department's Corporate Crime Watchdog Resigns, Saying Trump Makes It Impossible To Do Job"
Trump’s behavior at NATO is a national embarrassment
Sources: Acting US ambassador to China quit over Trump climate decision
"When even men who risk their lives for the US are denied entry, the dream of America is dead"
"Dear Team Trump, ""Alternative Facts"" Are Lies"
Ryan: ‘No evidence’ of mass voter fraud as Trump claimed
Fallen soldiers’ families say they never heard from Trump
Reminder: Donald Trump Avoided Vietnam Because His Feet Hurt
Donald Trump says 'US president has complete power to pardon' as Russia investigation pressure mounts
"The Ironworker Running to Unseat Paul Ryan Wants Single-Payer Health Care, $15 Minimum Wage"
"Trump blurts out classified info again, worrying Pentagon officials"
Russia investigation expands to include Donald Trump's personal attorney
"Donald Trump is 'surprised he cannot run the US government like his businesses', aides reveal"
Illinois passes automatic voter registration
Trump’s arts council puts hidden “RESIST” message in resignation letter
"Anthony Scaramucci Called Me to Rant About White House Leakers, Reince Priebus, and Steve Bannon"
Poll: Majority of Americans Fear US Will Become Involved In Another Major War
Subpoena Orders Trump To Turn Over Documents From Assault Allegations
Trump blames constitution for chaos of his first 100 days
FCC will block states from passing their own net neutrality laws
Donald Trump's campaign against Isis results in nearly as many civilian deaths as during Obama's entire administration
A majority of Americans are embarrassed by President Trump
Donald Trump meets 30 men to discuss future of pregnancy and maternity care under new healthcare bill
Four top law firms turned down requests to represent Trump
The FCC plans to repeal net neutrality this week — and it could ruin the internet
Clinton: Fox News seems to think I live in the White House
George W. Bush: ‘I’m worried that I will be the last Republican president’
Mueller Has Enough Evidence to Bring Charges in Flynn Investigation
Federal government notifies 21 states of election hacking
White House confirms Donald Trump sacked advisor after he 'disagreed with his Latino policies'
Trump immediately tweeted about an 'Islamic terrorist' that killed 0 - but nothing about a white man who killed 6
John McCain took time out of cancer treatment to vote against poor Americans accessing healthcare – he is no hero
President Trump Spent Nearly One-Third of First Year in Office at Trump-Owned Properties
MSNBC host: 'No takers' after 217 GOPers invited to explain health vote
"It's not just Trump, it's the whole GOP that calls 'fake things true and true things fake'"
ObamaCare opponent: I’m still on my parents' insurance
House Republican didn’t know the health care bill he voted for could cost his state $3 billion
Donald Trump takes 15th golf trip in 11 weeks since becoming President
Bernie Sanders: It is important to keep calling Donald Trump a liar
FBI releases files on Trump apartments' race discrimination probe in '70s
Support for Donald Trump's Impeachment Is Way Higher Than His Latest Approval Rating
"Massive Leak Reveals New Ties Between Trump Administration and Russia, Implicating Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and Jared Kushner"
Fox News host Sean Hannity dismisses Roy Moore's sexual misconduct allegations by saying it was 'consensual'
"Ivanka Trump gets booed, hissed at during Berlin event"
AP: Manafort's plan to 'greatly benefit the Putin Government'
Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago trips cost taxpayers estimated $20m in 100 days — Obama’s cost $97m in 8 years
Megathread: Release of James Comey's opening testimony
"In Surprise Vote, House Passes Amendment to Restrict Asset Forfeiture"
Steph Curry: It's 'beneath' Trump's position to target me
Trump campaign emails show aide’s repeated efforts to set up Russia meetings
"At 2.5 million strong, Women's Marches crush expectations"
A third attempt to set up a Trump-Russia meeting has surfaced
It looks like Alabama violated federal law with its 'inactive voter' scheme
Pelosi calls for probe of possible Russian blackmail of Trump
"Franken releases new statement, calls for ethics investigation of himself"
"GOP went all in for pedophilia, and they can never undo it"
Trump says he 'should have left American basketball players arrested in China in jail'
Trump Has Suspended Due Process for Muslims in America. This Is a Constitutional Crisis.
"Sanders: 'If you don't have the guts to face your constituents,' you shouldn't be in Congress"
Donald Trump-Russia investigation 'now has specific concrete and corroborative evidence of collusion'
Donald Trump's son-in-law 'Jared Kushner person of interest in Russia investigation'
"FBI have uncovered 'evidence of treason' among alt-right websites, says George W Bush's ethics lawyer"
Charlottesville renames street after woman who was killed in white nationalist rally
Whistleblower: Flynn told ex-partner Russia sanctions would be ripped up
"Obama Warned Trump Against Hiring Mike Flynn, Say Officials"
Dem senator: Trump should testify under oath
"Roy Moore Just Blamed His Sexual Misconduct Allegations On Lesbians, Gays, And Socialists"
"After Calls To ‘Get Down’ To Business, Trump Goes On 23rd Trip To Golf Course"
Ex-CIA chief: Trump’s Boy Scout speech felt like ‘third world authoritarian's youth rally’
"Jared Kushner Now Under FBI Scrutiny in Russia Probe, Say Officials"
Kennedy Center on Trump not attending annual honors: We are 'grateful for this gesture'
"D.C., Md. attorneys general to sue Trump, saying foreign payments to his businesses violate Constitution’s anti-corruption clause"
American citizen Khizr Khan reportedly cancels trip to Canada after being warned his 'travel privileges are being reviewed'
"First on CNN: AG Sessions did not disclose meetings with Russian officials, DOJ says"
Comey agrees to testify before Senate Intel Committee
Comey’s testimony humiliates Trump
The year I spent in Joe Arpaio’s tent jail was hell. He should never walk free.
Trump Didn't Meet With Any Hurricane Harvey Victims While In Texas
Trump tweeted about Podesta emails 15 minutes after WikiLeaks asked Trump Jr. to: report
"Last month, 83% of U.S. protests were against Trump"
Trump’s old tweets are quickly becoming a minefield of hypocrisy
Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio loses bid to have his criminal record wiped clean
Man rescued from Taliban: I thought my captors were kidding when they said Trump was president
Donald Trump is going to cut Meals on Wheels to pay for Mexican border wall
Mitch McConnell ignoring cabinet confirmation procedure he demanded in 2009
"Trump’s company had more contact with Russia during campaign, according to documents turned over to investigators"
"Donald Trump's 'looming' impeachment stops me voting for his Supreme Court pick, senator says"
Senate Republicans Reject DeVos' Proposed Education Cuts
Retired Alabama cop on Roy Moore: ‘We were also told to … make sure that he didn’t hang around the cheerleaders’
US investigators corroborate some aspects of the Russia dossier
Fox Business host declares war on Trump’s tax plan: “I’m disgusted with our government right now”
'Repeal and Go Fuck Yourself' Is in Full Effect
Roy Moore Cast The Sole Vote In Favor Of A Man Who Raped A Four-Year-Old
President Trump retweets false facts about Obama presidential pardons
Why did the U.S. just revoke Putin critic Bill Browder's visa?
Top Obama adviser to Trump: 'No president can order a wiretap'
Poll: Most say this is the lowest point in US history
"Sean Spicer's leak search of his staffers' phones was immediately leaked, and Twitter is loving it"
Georgia election server wiped after suit filed
"Donald Trump says he's in meetings, gets photographed in golfing gear"
Trump donated to Project Veritas before organization tried to trick Washington Post
"Jeff Sessions reportedly orders review of debunked Hillary Clinton claims, violating recusal vow"
"President Donald Trump accuses media of lying about inauguration crowds, wrongly says crowd reached Washington monument"
"UK must cancel Donald Trump’s state visit as he’s ‘nakedly sympathising with neo-Nazis’, say activists"
If only John McCain's actions matched John McCain's rhetoric
Kushner Urged Trump to Fire FBI Director Comey: Reports
"House Intelligence Committee open hearing into Russia links 'cancelled', says furious Democrat leader"
"Sorry, Comcast: Voters say “yes” to city-run broadband in Colorado"
Report: Steve Bannon Had to Be Reminded He Wasn’t the President Amidst Travel Ban Infighting
"Until Mueller Is Done, Trump Should Be Blocked From Stacking the Courts"
Comey: FBI officials being 'attacked for partisan gain'
18 states sue Betsy DeVos over delay of student loan protections
"Trump ends covert CIA program to arm anti-Assad rebels in Syria, a move sought by Moscow"
Trump no longer wants to talk about secret White House recordings
"Pence implicated, placed in Oval Office as Trump plotted Comey firing"
"Trump accepted Putin's claims that Russia did not meddle in US election, says Russian foreign minister"
Wall Street Journal Killed Editorial on Trump’s Mob Ties
Henry Rollins: It's Amazing How Quickly We Got Used to the Trump Dumpster Fire
"Trump golfs, tweets on Thanksgiving Eve, while Obama fed homeless veterans"
"Sen. Collins locks office doors, refuses to answer to constituents on secret GOP tax scam."
"First on CNN: Trump's cabinet pick invested in company, then introduced a bill to help it"
Donald Trump Is Signing Executive Orders That He Doesn't Read or Understand
Trump schedules speech during Comey testimony
Trump Tried To Convince NSA Chief To Absolve Him Of Any Russian Collusion: Report
Trump’s lawyers seek to undercut Mueller’s Russia investigation
Trump-linked businesses loaned $13M to shell corporation Paul Manafort created on day he left campaign
Sen. Chris Coons calls for hearing into possible Trump interference with US attorneys
Trump once demanded Edward Snowden’s execution for giving ‘serious information’ to Russia
Special counsel is investigating Jared Kushner’s business dealings
"FBI Reportedly Looking At Breitbart, InfoWars As Part Of Russia Probe"
This Politician Gave Away Your Data. Now Buy Hers.
"Trump Said ‘He Would Not Be a President to Take Vacations’, But Now He’s On Pace to Take the Most Days Off Of Any President"
2 White House Officials Helped Give Nunes Intelligence Reports
No Trump Act: US congressman introduces bill to stop taxpayer funds from going to President’s businesses
President Trump Might Be Forced to Testify Under Oath About Trump University After All.
NFL players union head: We 'will never back down' from protecting players' right to protest
The one man in America who continues to be “safe” from sexual harassment allegations is the president
Speaker at Moore event says he accidentally went with Moore to a brothel with child prostitutes
Why We're Calling for Congress to Impeach Donald Trump
More than half of voters think Trump has weakened the U.S. on the world stage
"In small win for Democrats, the final tax bill will not include a provision allowing churches to endorse political candidates"
More Than 80 Percent Of Obamacare Enrollees Live In Trump-Won States
‘I no longer have to be politically correct’: GOP politician arrested after grabbing a woman in her genital area
Russian Lawyer Brought Ex-Soviet Counter Intelligence Officer to Trump Team Meeting
"GOP plan will ultimately raise taxes on 50% of Americans, nonpartisan assessment says"
The ‘Did Trump’s Campaign Collude’ Debate Is Over. The Only Question Now Is How Much.
Sen. Franken Demands Attorney General Jeff Sessions Explain Himself Amid New Trump-Russia Revelations
Donald Trump tweets 'Pocahontas' racist slur about senator Elizabeth Warren
Holder fires back at Trump claiming Obama didn’t call soldiers’ families: ‘Stop the damn lying’
CBO releases new estimates on Obamacare repeal bill; 23 million would lose insurance coverage
ACLU: Trump refused to turn over Giuliani travel ban memo by court-ordered deadline
Liberal voters warn Democratic officials: resist Trump or be replaced
US Senate passes tax cuts for America's richest in late-night vote
Poll: 4 in 10 back impeaching Trump
“I will die”: Americans plead with Republican politicians not to repeal Obamacare
New Bill Would Require Donald Trump To Undergo Mental Health Evaluation
Trump cited a nonexistent incident in Sweden during his rally on Saturday
3 senior FBI officials can vouch for Comey’s story about Trump
Alabama found guilty of racial gerrymandering
Donald Trump 'didn't realise he was promoting Steve Bannon to National Security Council when he signed order'
Democrats Laugh at Trump's Claim That He's Draining the Swamp
"If the President Is Innocent, Then He Is Insane"
Leaked tape reveals Trump invited club guests to 'come along' during cabinet interviews
The GOP's Obamacare repeal bill is out--and it's even worse than anyone expected
Trump blames Obama for 122 'vicious' Guantanamo prisoners returning 'to the battlefield' — but 113 of them were released under Bush
Trump's failed boycott leads to most watched Sunday football in seven years
Donald Trump fails to mention climate change in Earth Day statement
Congressman: Rarely used law could make Trump tax returns public
Romney: Roy Moore 'is unfit for office and should step aside'
"Jared Kushner Voted As A Woman, According To His Registration"
Trump Has Already Spent Almost Double Obama’s Annual Travel Budget
"Zero evidence for Donald Trump's wiretap claim found in Justice Department review, house intelligence chairman says"
Trump cabinet member left $2B off disclosure report
Schwarzenegger matching donations in effort to fight gerrymandering
The FBI Has Quietly Investigated White Supremacist Infiltration of Law Enforcement
New Jersey's Newly Elected Governor Wants to Legalize Pot
Prominent Republicans Urge Supreme Court to End Gerrymandering
Facebook says it sold political ads to Russian company during 2016 election
"Donald Trump to completely turn off EPA's data service, one of government's most important websites"
Dem senator: Someone used my identity to file a fake anti-net neutrality comment
Looks like Jeff Sessions perjured himself
"Rather than investigate ethics in the White House, Jason Chaffetz is probing a national park's Twitter"
German magazine sparks furor with image of Trump beheading Statue of Liberty
Clinton: I’m not sure Trump knows Puerto Ricans are US citizens
John McCain mocks Donald Trump’s deferment ‘bone spurs’ (without naming him)
"President Trump has been urging world leaders to call him on his cellphone, raising security and secrecy concerns"
Report: Jared Kushner had undisclosed meeting with head of Russian bank under sanctions
Former officials: Trump seemed prepared to lift Russia sanctions 'in exchange for absolutely nothing'
Watchdog pressure escalates Pence's $242k taxpayer-funded NFL stunt into full-blown scandal
Donald Trump Plans Total Repeal of Net Neutrality Law that Keeps the Internet Free
"Donald Trump running the most dishonest White House ever, says historian"
"Infowars granted White House press credentials, promptly smears victims of Manchester bombing"
It’s time to investigate the sexual assault charges against Donald Trump
Russian politician says on live TV that Russia stole U.S. presidency
Previously undisclosed emails show follow-up after Trump Tower meeting
"Trump accusers to unite for first time, demand congressional investigation into allegations"
Trump Administration Won’t Withdraw from Paris Climate Deal
America's top lawman lied under oath. Can we seize his stuff?
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page
"Trump praises health care of Nambia, a nonexistent African country"
Hatch: My brother didn't die fighting Hitler for Nazis to go unchallenged today
Trump Has Spent More Time Golfing Than at Intelligence Briefings
Trump Goes All In on the 'Collusion Is Normal' Defense
Pence neighbors in Aspen hang 'Make America Gay Again' banner
Trump to widow of Sgt. La David Johnson: 'He knew what he signed up for'
Donald Trump Kicks Off Sexual Assault Awareness Month By Defending Bill O'Reilly
Mueller teams up with New York attorney general in Manafort probe
Donald Trump rejects intelligence report on travel ban because it doesn't say what he wants it to
State Dept. science envoy resigns with letter that spells out 'Impeach'
Kasich signs onto Schwarzenegger's gerrymandering reform
Donald Trump to meet Vladimir Putin tomorrow as investigation into Russia's US election interference intensifies
House Republicans block Russia sanctions bill
Donald Trump 'was not briefed' on order he signed appointing Steve Bannon to National Security Council
Trump fans were waving tiny Russian flags until CPAC staff confiscated them
Top EPA official resigns over direction of agency under Trump
Schwarzenegger on Trump immigration order: It 'makes us look stupid'
Mueller Seeks White House Documents Related to Trump's Actions as President
Top intelligence official told associates Trump asked him if he could intervene with Comey on FBI Russia probe
Obama on Dem election wins: 'This is what happens when the people vote'
Billionaire buys Times Square billboards calling for Donald Trump's impeachment
Donald Trump criticised by veterans for wearing military style outfit despite 'dodging' Vietnam draft
"President Trump's Tax Returns Show Some Income from Russian Sources, Say His Lawyers"
"Donald Trump dragging US 'back to the past' by promoting coal and ditching Paris climate accord, Vatican warns"
"Robert E. Lee discouraged monuments. They ‘keep open the sores of war,’ he wrote."
At least nine people in Trump’s orbit had contact with Russians during campaign and transition
“No Jones? No Vote.” Americans flood Senate halls to stop GOP from ramming tax bill.
Former Mexican ambassador says State Department is telling world leaders to stay at Trump hotels
Trump Administration 'may be investigated' after threatening the whole of Alaska
98.5% of unique net neutrality comments oppose Ajit Pai's anti-Title II plan
Jared Kushner failed to disclose he led a foundation funding illegal Israeli settlements before U.N. vote
Betsy DeVos Confirmed as Education Secretary; Pence Breaks Tie
It’s Official: Trump Wants to Kill PBS and the National Endowment for the Arts
Paul Manafort has been working with a man 'linked to Russian intelligence' while under house arrest
"At FDA, TVs now turned to Fox News and can't be switched"
Jeff Sessions personally asked Congress to let him prosecute medical marijuana providers
Biden awarded presidential Medal of Freedom
The White House Will Keep Its Visitor Logs Secret
Female ex-Franken staffers: 'He treated us with the utmost respect'
James Comey Senate testimony: America braces for a historic political moment
Ex-Obama DOJ official: Trump 'just admitted to obstruction of justice'
Actual paid protestors found in Arizona and they work for the GOP
Billionaire Republican donor Charles Koch likens Donald Trump's Muslim ban to Adolf Hitler's policies in Nazi Germany
C.I.A. Had Evidence of Russian Effort to Help Trump Earlier Than Believed
"EPA Chief Scott Pruitt: ""Science Shouldn't Dictate American Policy"""
Protester throws Russian flags at Trump as he enters GOP lunch
‘This deal will make me look terrible’: Full transcripts of Trump’s calls with Mexico and Australia
Al Franken: I think Jeff Sessions committed perjury
The White House just shared an article condemning Donald Trump
Susan Collins withstood intense pressure to vote against health care repeal
"I didn’t think I’d ever leave the CIA. But because of Trump, I quit."
France’s new president is emerging as one of the loudest anti-Trump voices in Europe
Biden: I regret not running for president
House committee launches investigation into Donald Trump's security breaches at Mar-a-Lago
“President Cuck”: Trump supporters are freaking out over the president’s tone change on Islam
Hillary Clinton slams Trump admin. over private emails: 'Height of hypocrisy'
"Despite Denials, Russians Were in Contact with Trump Campaign"
A straight-faced Kellyanne Conway says anyone in office who committed sexual assault should resign
"Jared Kushner can't pass his security clearance investigation, officials say"
Trump adviser claims he lied to FBI out of loyalty to Trump: Source
"Leaked White House Memo Details Puerto Rico Spin: “The Storm Caused These Problems, Not Our Response.”"
Trump Said He Saved $1 Billion on Air Force One Jets. The Air Force Doesn’t Know What He’s Talking About
Momentum builds against gerrymandering
GOP Prepares to Make Case That Poor People Must Sacrifice So Rich Can Get Tax Cuts
Keystone pipeline will create just 35 permanent jobs. Don't believe the lies
"Emails show Ivanka, Trump Jr. coordinating lies about Trump SoHo"
Sanders says he'll introduce 'Medicare for all' bill
Steve Bannon Is Registered to Vote in Two States
Trump campaign officials suggested sending 'someone low level' to Russia so they wouldn't arouse suspicion
Trump 90 Days Ago: “My People Will Have a Full Report on Hacking Within 90 Days!”
San Juan mayor outperforming Trump in Time’s Person of the Year poll
Schwarzenegger responds to Trump: 'Why don't we switch jobs?'
Manafort offered to give Russian billionaire ‘private briefings’ on 2016 campaign
"With No Warning, House Republicans Vote to Hobble Independent Ethics Office"
Joe Scarborough announces he is leaving Republican Party
Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank says he is leaving Trump's manufacturing council
Journalists should stop interviewing Kellyanne Conway
Greg Gianforte: Fox News team witnesses GOP House candidate 'body slam' reporter
"70 Alabama pastors: “No person of faith can, in good conscience, support” Roy Moore"
"Murdoch-owned outlets bash Mueller, seemingly in unison"
Scarborough: Republicans who would favor postponing election should hide their faces in 'shame'
Trump’s Chief Strategist Says News Media Should ‘Keep Its Mouth Shut’
"Donald Trump’s approval rating falls to record low, finds Gallup poll"
Report: Info from Israeli hack of ISIS leaked by Trump to Russia
"You could feed 5,967 homebound seniors for a year on what Trump’s Mar-a-Lago trips cost so far"
Donald Trump Jr. Is an Idiot of Towering Proportions
Massachusetts moves to require presidential candidates to release tax returns
RICO lawsuit exposes Trump Russia ties on another front
"Robert Mueller’s Office Will Serve First Indictment Monday, Source Confirms"
Trump's approval rating sinks to 35 percent: poll
House bill to impeach Trump gains momentum after Trump's feud with 'Morning Joe'
Four more Democratic senators will co-sponsor Bernie Sanders' Medicare for All bill
"Expert concludes Roy Moore wrote disputed entry in accuser's yearbook, lawyer says"
"Thanks to Trump, Scientists Are Going To Run For Office"
"Sources: Trump will ask Congress, not Mexico, to pay for border wall"
Schwarzenegger fires back at Trump: I hope you'll work as hard for Americans as you did for ratings
Trump says he believes Putin's election meddling denials
Trump Exempts Entire Senior Staff From White House Ethics Rules
San Juan mayor calls to ‘void’ contract awarded to tiny Montana company
"Jared Kushner didn't disclose business ties to George Soros, Peter Thiel, and Goldman Sachs, or that he owes $1 billion in loans"
Maybe It’s a Bad Sign When Hospitals Come Out Against Your Healthcare Plan
Talking Points Brought to Trump Tower Meeting Were Shared With Kremlin
"'The President Stole Your Land,' outdoor gear company Patagonia takes a big swing at Trump"
Ivanka Trump Somehow Didn't Mention the Donald J. Trump Foundation In Her Financial Disclosure Report
Phoenix Mayor: Donald Trump Is Not Welcome Here
Trump’s Sanctuary Cities Order Blocked by Federal Judge
Trump Says He Cut Wall Street Reform Because His “Friends” Need Money
Trump’s “No one will lose coverage” is turning out to be the worst campaign promise since “Read my lips.”
How the baby boomers — not millennials — screwed America
Lost records of lawsuit claiming Trump Tower exploited undocumented workers have been found
Democrats demand U.S. agencies reveal how much they spend at Trump businesses
Charlottesville killer denied bail
"Ford CEO: Main reason for canceling Mexico plant was market demand, not Trump."
"Mitch McConnell, the man who broke America"
Notre Dame students plan walkout during Mike Pence commencement speech
Sanders: How can you call it 'reform' when millions will lose insurance?
The Trump Administration’s Own Data Says Obamacare Isn’t Imploding
Trump Indicates Tape Tweet Was Meant to Affect Comey Testimony
"Gabby Giffords to GOP: If I could go to town halls after getting shot, you can show up for voters"
‘No question’ Trump involved in obstruction of justice: Former Watergate prosecutor
GOP senators who pushed Trump to ditch Paris deal took over $10 million from big oil
"Donald Trump 'has been screaming at the television about Russia links investigation', says White House adviser"
Background check chief has 'never seen' mistakes and omissions at level of Jared Kushner forms
CNN Poll: Opinion of the Republican Party falls to all-time low
Democrats Successfully Flip Two Seats In State Special Elections
Florida region where Donald Trump held rally had 50 per cent more murders than whole of Sweden
AP Source: Trump aide in frequent contact with Russia envoy
"Hey, remember Roy Moore? Two weeks later, he still hasn’t conceded"
Roy Moore in 2011: Getting rid of amendments after 10th would 'eliminate many problems'
U.S. Treasury Secretary Mnuchin and wife used government plane to get eclipse view: watchdog
Trump Calls for Cuts on Medical Research and Infrastructure to Pay for the Wall
First on CNN: Senators asked Comey to investigate AG Jeff Sessions for possible perjury
Betsy DeVos appears to have plagiarized quotes for her Senate questionnaire
Trump boy scout Jamboree speech angers parents
Republicans in N.C. Senate cut education funding — but only in Democratic districts. Really.
Trump’s lies are not the problem. It’s the millions who swallow them who really matter
"Evidence Of Trump-Russia Collusion Already Exists, Watergate Prosecutors Say"
Gingrich just admitted Trump was being dishonest about White House tapes — because nothing matters
Trump chooses Putin's word over the US intelligence community — again
Trump Jr. Says He Wanted Russian Dirt to Determine Clinton’s ‘Fitness’ for Office
‘They’re sentencing me to death’: Medicaid recipients on the Republican healthcare plan
"Donald Trump suggests Russia, FBI and Democrats colluded to pay for dossier on his Kremlin links - but provides no evidence"
Trump tweets: Transgender individuals will not be allowed to serve in the military
Kellyanne Conway says Donald Trump’s team has ‘alternative facts.’ Which pretty much says it all.
"At White House, Trump tells congressional leaders 3-5 million illegal ballots cost him the popular vote"
At least 69 people have now quit Trump’s White House advisory groups
"White House: When Trump Said He’d Testify, He Didn’t Mean to Congress"
"Donald Trump's UK state visit should be withdrawn over Britain First retweets, MP demands"
Boston Mayor thanks counterprotesters for coming to city
Comey asks Justice Department to reject Trump's claims: report
At Least 6 White House Advisers Used Private Email Accounts
"Trump’s secret golf club member lists reveal lobbyists and CEOs paying millions, giving them access to President"
Trump’s business sought deal on a Trump Tower in Moscow while he ran for president
Billionaire Michael Bloomberg: 'The Tax Bill Is an Economically Indefensible Blunder'
Colin Kaepernick a finalist for 'TIME' Person of Year
2 major new polls show Trump will conclude his first 100 days as the least popular president in modern history
'You're a traitor': Twitter roasts Trump for bashing US intelligence agencies over Russian meddling
Nearly half of Republicans have yet to hold a public town hall since Donald Trump took office
Hawaii Rep. Beth Fukumoto leaving the Republican Party
Jeff Sessions Likely Met Russian Ambassador A Third Time
It Is Not Normal For a First Lady and Daughter to Try to Sell You Stuff
Donald Trump's state visit to Britain put on hold
Special Counsel Mueller Issued Subpoena for Russia-Related Documents From Trump Campaign Officials
President Trump Praised Australia's Universal Health Care Right After The House Repealed Obamacare
Trump's Team Said It Didn't Ask For Military Vehicles At Inauguration. Emails Show It Did.
"Trump is a ‘Blowhard,’ ‘I don’t like him’ and I voted for Hillary, George Bush says in new book"
Theresa May condemns 'racism' of Charlottesville white supremacists after Donald Trump fails to denounce them
Mattis: 'Very little doubt' Russia has interfered in elections
Comcast deleted net neutrality pledge the same day FCC announced repeal
Poll: 40 Percent Now Support Trump Impeachment
Twitter is banning all ads from Russian news agencies RT and Sputnik effective immediately
Member of Trump's Evangelical Advisory Board resigns over 'conflict in values'
"None dare call it treason: As the Flynn scandal widens, let’s consider the evidence that Trump is a traitor"
A Democrat Is Proposing A Constitutional Amendment To Ban Presidents From Pardoning Themselves
Donald Trump isn't happy about new poll showing he is the president with lowest approval rating in 70 years
Indian diplomat likens Ivanka Trump to 'half-wit Saudi prince' ahead of summit where she will lead US delegation
"Donald Trump's first US military raid 'kills 30 civilians, including 10 women and children'"
Trump admin. to reverse ban on elephant trophies from Africa
McCain: 'We have to understand that the climate may be changing'
"Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry Company, Known as Madison Avenue Diamonds, Connected to an Alleged Fraud Scheme"
Sessions Violated Two Recusal Oaths in Comey Firing
Hundreds of White House emails sent to third Kushner family account
The White House Lied To the American People During It's First Press Conference.
Trump friend says president considering firing Mueller
Trump Caught on Video Playing Golf When He Claimed He Was Working and Stuff
"Most Americans think Trump committed a felony, poll shows"
White House Ends Bar Association’s Role in Vetting Judges
Trump and Melania reportedly compared life in the White House to being in a Venezuelan jail
"FBI deputy director confirms Trump pressured Comey for ""loyalty"" before firing him"
Bombshell report reveals new details about Trump's Oval Office meeting with Russians after he fired Comey
The Head of the Census Resigned. It Could Be as Serious as James Comey
Sanders: I'm 'absolutely' introducing single-payer healthcare bill
"After ethics review, Senate postpones committee vote for Betsy DeVos"
Spicer: Nordstrom Dropping Ivanka Trump's Line Is 'Direct Attack' On Prez
Charlottesville mayor on Trump: 'Look at the campaign he ran'
Sally Yates Has Been Nominated For JFK Profile In Courage Award
Manafort Notes From Russian Meet Contain Cryptic Reference to ‘Donations’
Comey infuriated Trump with refusal to preview Senate testimony: aides
"In Case It Wasn't Clear Yet, Steve Bannon Is Our President"
Why Didn't the White House Release a Readout of the Call Between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin?
Michael Flynn Failed to Disclose Payments From Russian Propaganda Network
Journalist Tweets Photos Of Empty Seats From Trump’s ‘All-Time’ Record-Breaking Rally
Nigel Farage is 'person of interest' in FBI investigation into Trump and Russia
'Morning Joe' host says show will no longer book Conway
Emmanuel Macron says Donald Trump is like Presidents of Russia and Turkey
Dem wins mayor of Albuquerque after eight years of GOP control
Trump attacks 'fake polls and fake news' as reports say he has worst approval rating in modern history
ObamaCare signups surge in early days to set new record
"In One Tweet, Donald Trump Just Spread Fake History, Libeled a Hero, and Admired an Alleged War Crime"
Ethics office: Conway committed 'clear violation' with Ivanka plug
Ky. mayor: 2 Confederate statues to come down after Charlottesville
Senate overwhelmingly approves new package of sanctions to punish Russia for meddling in 2016 election
"Trump did not add 235,000 jobs to the economy. Obama did."
"Trumpcare's back, and now it will let insurers jack up premiums as soon as you get sick"
FBI Director nominee removed reference to case involving Russian government from law firm bio
First GOP lawmaker calls for Nunes to recuse himself
"Buck Sexton: If police can execute an innocent man on video, none of us are safe"
"Paul Ryan praises Trump for repealing DACA, four days after urging him not to repeal it"
Trump signs internet privacy repeal
Donald Trump admits he backed down on Nafta after calls from Canada and Mexico's leaders
"Trump ‘kept kissing me’ in Trump Tower, woman says: ‘I was devastated’"
FBI deputy confirmed to Congress that Comey told him about Trump loyalty pledge: report
Breitbart editor says Donald Trump Jr's Russia meeting ‘is straight up collusion’ in private chat
Trump White House Ethics Lawyer Exits
Donald Trump's war on media is 'biggest threat to democracy' says Navy Seal who brought down Osama Bin Laden
Trump warns Mueller against looking into his family finances apart from Russia investigation
McCain scolds Trump for missing Russian sanctions deadline
Discussion Megathread: James Comey Testifies before Senate Intelligence Committee
44 Sitting Members of Congress Have Accepted Donations From Trump
Doug Jones takes lead on Roy Moore in new Senate poll
Rex Tillerson Debates Quitting After ‘Unprofessional’ Trump Bashes Jeff Sessions
"Donald Trump must be impeached 'as soon as possible', says former US Labour Secretary"
Report: Trump furious that Sessions recused himself
Al Franken: 'I don't think that this president is equipped to handle the job'
Trump Rejected Military’s ISIS Strategy Because It Was Too Similar to Obama’s
"US spies have 'considerable intelligence' on high-level Trump-Russia talks, claims ex-NSA analyst"
It’s been 425 days since Trump admitted to sexual assault — and he’s still in the Oval Office
John McCain diagnosed with brain cancer: Reports
Trump’s government looks an awful lot like a badly run business
Attorney General Jeff Sessions suggested he could resign amid rising tension with President Trump
"Trump lawyer claims the ""President cannot obstruct justice"""
"‘Unelected, unqualified': The Internet’s reaction to Ivanka Trump taking her dad’s seat at G-20"
"Donald Trump admitted he met Vladimir Putin in 2015 interview, despite recently saying he hadn’t"
"Trump reportedly heading to Mar-a-Lago for third straight weekend, obliterating campaign promise"
Two Republicans sign onto effort demanding Trump’s tax returns
"Paul Manafort, Rick Gates to remain on house arrest with movements tracked by GPS, judge orders"
"Preet Bharara on Gianforte: 'If he were an immigrant, he'd face deportation'"
Fox News host slams Trump over sexist tweet: 'They called Obama every name but he didn't lash out'
Fox News' Shepard Smith: 'CNN's reporting was not fake news'
Trump loses again as travel ban dies in court
Donald Trump falsely claims he had 'biggest electoral college win since Ronald Reagan'
Warren Buffett: The Republican healthcare bill should be called the 'Relief for the Rich Act'
Sources: FBI investigation continues into 'odd' computer link between Russian bank and Trump Organization
"In despotic declaration, Trump senior advisor says Trump’s power “will not be questioned”"
﻿Leaked Draft Of Trump’s Religious Freedom Order Reveals Sweeping Plans to Legalize Discrimination
A Groundbreaking Case May Force Controversial Data Firm Cambridge Analytica to Reveal Trump Secrets
Trump proposes end to heating aid for low-income Americans
Collins received a round of applause at an airport in Maine after voting against Obamacare repeal
"Senators on hot mic: Trump is ‘crazy,’ ‘I’m worried’"
President Trump accused of 'covering up' for disgraced Michael Flynn
Majority in US No Longer Thinks Trump Keeps His Promises
"Papadopoulos Repeatedly Represented Trump Campaign, Record Shows"
"Snowflake? Mike Pence Is Triggered by NFL Players, 'Mulan' and Women Who Are Not His Wife"
Trump administration moves to return Russian compounds in Maryland and New York
Over 120 retired generals sign letter against Trump's defense spending plan
Don’t Just Impeach Trump. End the Imperial Presidency.
'Mary Was a Teenager.' Alabama Republican Uses Jesus to Defend Roy Moore
Schumer sends McConnell back his own 2009 letter on nominations
Eric Trump in 2014: 'We have all the funding we need out of Russia'
"In a new poll, half of Republicans say they would support postponing the 2020 election if Trump proposed it"
Third embarrassingly unqualified Trump judicial nominee drops out in shame
Trump deletes tweets backing Strange after primary loss
Fox host calls FBI 'criminal cabal'
Sanders: Trump ending DACA 'one of the ugliest and cruelest decisions ever made by a president'
Trump 'exhausted' three days into first trip abroad as president: Reports
"Fomer Trump Adviser Roger Stone Admits Collusion With WikiLeaks, Then Deletes It"
NSA so concerned over Donald Trump's ties to Russia they've 'withheld information from presidential briefings'
Democrat moves to force House debate on Trump’s alleged business conflicts and Russia ties
CNN anchor: 'Zero chance' journalists will 'move on' from Flynn scandal
Donald Trump Jr.’s stunningly incriminating statement to the New York Times
Kushner updated disclosure to add more than 100 foreign contacts: report
New Report Claims Russian Lawyer Actually Did Bring Clinton Dirt Docs to Trump Jr. Meeting
3 charities cancel Mar-a-Lago events amid Trump backlash
Mueller's team interviewed Priebus on Friday
"Stop the Name-Calling and Get to Work, Says White House That Constantly Name-Calls and Never Works"
"This Independence Day, I'm calling on my fellow Americans to impeach Donald Trump"
Donald Trump and Family Seem Upset They Can't Make Money Off White House
Report: Mike Pence Offered to Replace Trump on GOP Ticket After the Access Hollywood Tape
Pence hires outside counsel to deal with Russia probe inquiries
"WSJ: Claiming To Rep Flynn, Late GOPer Sought Clinton Emails From Hackers"
"Trump, in Poland, Says ‘Nobody Really Knows’ Who Meddled in U.S. Election"
Appeals court rules that Trump's third travel ban is illegal.
Trump says NYT 'failing' -- but stock up 30% since election
"In Franken’s wake, three senators call on President Trump to resign"
"Schumer to Trump: I'll talk about my Putin meeting, will you?"
Donald Trump says 'see you in court' after federal judge blocks his sanctuary cities executive order
Megathread: Sally Yates allegedly blocked from testifying
Donald Trump accidentally admits Republican tax bill was deceptively sold as boost to middle classes
"Google uncovers Russian-bought ads on YouTube, Gmail and other platforms"
US makes formal apology to Britain after White House accuses GCHQ of wiretapping Trump Tower
Man who defended gay marriage with viral speech about his two mothers is now running for Iowa State Senate
Twitter Offered Russian TV Network RT 15% Of Its US Elections Advertising
Pence lies about secret meeting with Koch brother
Breitbart loses advertising deals with 818 companies due to grassroots campaign
‘Lie after lie after lie’: Fox News’ Shepard Smith has a Cronkite moment on Russia
Donald Trump retweets man calling him a fascist
AWOL: Trump has gone 150 days without a presidential press conference
Donald Trump held press conference promising more dirt on Clinton hours after Donald Trump Jr's Russia emails
Donald Trump boasts of 'plunging' health insurance stocks following executive order on Obamacare
European diplomats reportedly consider Trump a 'laughing stock' who is 'obsessed with Obama'
NSA Chief Admits Donald Trump Colluded with Russia
Trump leaves room before signing orders
"Donald Trump often tweets about terror and violence, but he ignored an attack on Muslims in Quebec City"
Navy secretary on transgender troops: 'Any patriot' should be allowed to serve
Donald Trump comes out fighting for Republican candidate accused of child sex abuse
Donald Trump brags that he got 'higher ratings than 9/11' in interview about first 100 days
"Bernie Sanders and Planned Parenthood are the most popular things in America, Fox News finds"
Top Secret NSA Report Details Russian Hacking Effort Days Before 2016 Election
The president of the United States is now a neo-Nazi sympathiser
"'Red Alert' Sounded: Trumpcare Is Back, More Brutal and Deadly Than Ever"
Trump's first foreign trip as president will be to meet Putin: report
Two popular conservative Twitter personalities were just outed as Russian trolls
U.S. Allies Also Intercept Russia-Trump Adviser Communications
Trump Impeachment Odds Now at 56 Percent
Poll: McConnell’s approval in Kentucky at 18 percent
The president’s official Twitter account is spreading falsehoods about the Comey hearing
We have a political problem no one wants to talk about: very old politicians
McConnell rejects call for special prosecutor
Donald Trump says millions voted illegally. That's dreadful. We must have another election now
"Trump Says He Has Signed More Bills Than Any President, Ever. He Hasn’t."
President Trump claims the FBI is tainted and its reputation in tatters. This graph shows he’s wrong.
"House Democrats say Trump administration is blocking their inquiries, 275 unanswered so far"
Donald Trump cancels speech to Israeli Parliament because 'he did not want to be heckled'
Trump White House Senior Staff Have Private RNC Email Accounts
Ivanka Trump Sat In For Her Dad At A G20 Leaders' Meeting
Dems rip GOP over handwritten changes to tax plan
Donald Trump refuses to shake Angela Merkel's hand
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich quits Trump's manufacturing council
White House spokeswoman: Trump doesn't believe Comey that Obama didn't wiretap
20 members of Congress demand FBI investigation into Ivanka Trump’s security clearance
"Trump Said ‘Despicable’ Racist Comments About Blacks, Jews in Taped ‘Apprentice’ Meetings, Claims Former Producer"
GOP about to pass secret health care bill while they think no one’s paying attention
People think Trump's airstrikes in Syria are a distraction tactic
"Russian tankers reportedly smuggling oil to North Korea: Trump has been silent, though one day earlier, he blasted China for the same thing."
It is Time to Repeal and Replace Donald Trump
A pro-Trump group is using Obama's voice out of context in radio ad for Georgia's special election
U.S. senators seek lifetime ban on ex-Congress members lobbying
CNN reporter to Trump: 'Haven't you spread a lot of fake news yourself?'
Trump is dangerously incompetent
CNN fires back at Trump: It's your job to represent the US to the world
Donald Trump to be blocked from easing Russia sanctions after US Congress agrees legislation
CNN Reporter: White House Doesn’t Want Its ‘Evasive Answers’ On Tape
Romney: Bigots and those fighting hate are 'not the same'
This Level of Corruption Is Unprecedented in the Modern History of the Presidency
Donald Trump is not well
Russia is going to attack our next election. The Trump administration may not even try to stop it.
Major Fake News Operation Tracked Back to Republican Operative
The White House copied and pasted a paragraph from an ExxonMobil press release into a Trump statement
President Trump hates 'fake news' — but spreads unsubstantiated and dangerous claims
The Time I Got Recruited to Collude with the Russians
Scam alert: Trump's $1 Trillion 'infrastructure plan' is a giveaway to the rich
The Latest: Wikileaks confirms approach from Trump campaign
NSA director frustrated Trump won't accept Russia interfered in election: report
"Devin Nunes attended Flynn, Turkey breakfast before inauguration"
Trump demanded McConnell ‘protect him’ from Russia scandal probe
"Most Terrorists in the U.S. Are Right Wing, Not Muslim:Report"
Chaffetz to announce early departure from Congress
Russian Breach of 39 States Threatens Future U.S. Elections
Kimmel fires back at Trump: You should quit the presidency
Kushner received emails from Sergei Millian — an alleged dossier source who was in touch with George Papadopoulos
McConnell to delay the vote until after recess
"Trump will personally save up to $15m under tax bill, analysis finds"
Donald Trump's State Department approves Saudi Arabia weapons sales blocked by Barack Obama
Congresswoman Waters Introduces Legislation Urging Investigation of President Trump’s ties to Russia and Cyberattacks
Kevin McCarthy’s explosive “joke” points toward a darker questions: How long have leading Republicans known about Donald Trump’s Russia problem?
Schumer calls for delaying Gorsuch vote because of Trump-Russia probe
"Twelve Nobel laureates, thousands of academics sign protest of Trump immigration order"
Trump: 'Why was there the Civil War'
Trump Halts $13 Billion Obama Amtrak Plan Despite Calls For Infrastructure Spending in 2018
"After Trump took office, he told Tillerson that American businesses were being unfairly penalized by laws prohibiting them from bribing foreign officials"
Human Rights Watch lists Trump as threat to human rights.
Trump’s New York Times Interview Is a Portrait of a Man in Cognitive Decline
That Russian Guy Who Attended the Trump Tower Meeting Is Almost Definitely a Spy
"It's Kid Rock's Party Now: The GOP Is About Annoying Liberals, Not Conservatism"
FBI confirms activity in Annapolis
"Polls Show Trump, the Least Popular President Ever, Is Plunging Even Lower"
Comey Is Said to Have Become Unsettled by Interactions With Trump
President Carter: Lack of Universal Healthcare Should Be a 'National Scandal'
Anti-Trump Marches And Rallies Planned For April 15
This good boye did a heck of a grow this year
Tonight this guy barked at me for thirty minutes to take him out despite just going. Turned out we had a gas leak in our apartment and he just wanted us to get out. He is S A F E B O Y E and getting extra cuddles.
"Couldn't decide which colour Lab I liked best, so I got all 3!"
Woof News: pupper in jail for stealing yo girl
goodboye does a GROW
a battle for the ages
"No dig pls, I dig. Pet me pls."
"""dont wory shellboye, i wait for fren"""
:)
EXCITED FOR CHRISTMAS!!
"This is my pupper. She knows nothing about net neutrality. Get it together, Ladybird."
gardenboye with heckin green thumb
"You kiss, I'll kiss you back hooman"
"u r my whole world, fren"
H E A L T H Y B O Y E
E D U C A T I O N B O Y E
Stress floof
This goodboye has mastered the BALL
shoob does a big regret
poor hank
He was featured on their local news yesterday and was very excited about it
Oh HECC
:)
"""You thought we were cats!"""
Bear attacks and mauls family pet. ***Extremely Graphic***
"This G O O D G I R L needs your well wishes today, please frens all say good luck for surgery!"
G L O R I O U S F L O O F
Big Baby.
Who said food!? (X-post r/aww)
T E A C H E R B O Y E
AM HAPP
Doggo went for surgery and now is DRUGGO
Free pats
What a good B O Y E
Snuggle Buddies For Life
Doggo does a heckin good close up
G O L D E N B O Y E doin a heckin perfection
A N G E R Y B O Y E
I N D E P E N D E N T B O Y E
Good girle does me a gentle reminder that it is walk time
Smol Cloud Does An Awoo
"Gimme gluten free schmackos, fren!"
Golden Pupper Does an Awoo
Good boyes grow up fast
and when he opened the jar ...... all the schmakos..... WERE GONE! OoooooOOOooOooo
let him get the nuggers
"Puppers, santa is coming !"
brave pupper b careful !
Pupper does vvv good job going down stairs for first time
hi
Day 3.... humans still think I'm lost
G H O S T G I R L E gibin me the shibers
Be more like dogs!
"frens, pls send good vibes to our goldengirle in puppy ER with flesh-eating infection"
Sky doggo didn’t make a single awooo all flight.
Am doing business work. These numbers are doing me a heckin concern.
G O O D B O Y E meeting foreign diplomat
S C I E N C E B O Y E does a heckin good safety!!
P A T I E N T B O Y E S
Hungry little doggo
SHARING BOYES
Leaving a doggo hanging
When a fluffy could decides to be a doggo
First day of paw school!
D I S G U I S E B O Y E
Doggo has wares if you have coin
Puppo is so happer! &lt;3
Golden Mama doin a protec
The doguments have been secured.
Veteran pupper gets vvvvvvvvvvv big honor for saving heckin many hoomans from bamboozle
D O N O T W A N T
o wowe pupper has upgraded from S M O L B O Y E pupper to B I G B O Y E doggo!!
G O O D G I R L E ated a bumble
So smol but already master of the tail grabbo. How is dis possible?
Mama snowdoggo gives her pupper a big lovehuggo
Good Doggo Cleaning The Ocean
Rare doggochart
"""Good kitty"""
One boye's cupholder is another boye's S N O O T R E S T E
S M I L E Y G I R L E
R A P P E R B O Y E
Doggo does a heckin good slow jam with dad
Enter. Stage left.
smile B O Y E
S M I L E Y B O I
Corgi boyes doin me a bamboozle
Have you?
Sneaky Boye does a bamboozle
G O O D B O Y E does a heckin recovery :)
This pupper makes the wedding
Officially 9 months a seizure free boye.
why he body so smol?
The look on this dog's face is priceless
S U P E R B O Y E
Tree boy says hello fren
he attac
We are your new neighbours frens!
R A I N B O I
he swim
Y I N Y A N G B O Y E brings you balance
handsome doggo does a pose
Corgo does a more please
"RIP to this B O R K B O Y E, doin me a v sad"
P A R T Y B O Y E
So true.
Leafy autumn happiness
Bilingual boye
9-1-1 E M E R G E N C Y
Wen u purchase a Tesla it comes wit a cloud to store xtra electricity for extended range
Family Photo
This is heaven
U thought was rainbow chicken but was doggo. Heckin bamboozlin
lil' pupper awoos!
P A P E R B O Y E
M E R C H A N T B O Y E has wares if you have coin
Goodboye service pitbull training to protect owner from seizure
B O U N C Y B O Y E
"Don't fret little boye, you have your whole future ahead of you"
Sleepy pupper after two Heckin leg operations. Send happy borks pls
1 lyke = 1 preyer
Self-rolling corgito
D W A R F B O Y E is goin to a h*ckin forever home
when the sky does you a bamboozle :(
PSA: HECK! STAY SAFE PUPPERS
Even if you are vvv hungry you should not eat ur friendo!
E g g b o y e does a heckin concern. Will everything be ok?
HE JUST WANTS THE PET
A Golden snoot to brighten your day
I am breaking you out fren so we can play
pokeyboy vs pupper
S M I L E B O Y E doin a h*ckin good cute
Handsome boye had to get a toophers pulled..now he's a druggo doggo.
Therapug
redy for lunche frens :)
Lil pupper makes a new fren
Water pupper doin a dissolve
heck
MOTIVATION B O Y E
When the hooman gets home
heck how did these clouds get in here!?
Brave post-chemo boye gives a heckin thank to supportive redditors
"goodboy? heck, i havent heard that name in years..."
pupper buds
Heck load of frens
Henlo frens as a new week begins I hope everyone stays positive and b happy always &lt;3
E N V Y B O Y E
"He's the T R A S H B O Y E, he eats garbage!"
Good boye to the rescue !
It's been a bamboozle kind of day.
Smol patchy BOYE visited work today
�� S U N F L O W E R B O Y E ��
This is Bilbo Waggins. He is a happy doggo.
R A P P E R B O Y E does an obey
PARTY BOY
Did someone say schmackos?
"You think he big, but he smol"
Press F to pay respects
smoov boye givs a ;)
T H E G O O D E S T B O Y E
Never give up!
Always make sure your pupper is fully charged before playtime
O v e r s t i m u l a t i o n b o i !
Staying dry in his tiny rain coat
"""hello frens hope ur all having a good day"""
bige pup
G O D D O G
H E R O B O Y E took a bullet for his partner. He is now safe and stable after surgery.
Vvvvvv goodboye passed away at 16 yesterday. It does me a sad but still much love
He carry smol fren
Misdirection is Key to an Effective Bamboozle
C O W B O Y E
D R I L L B O Y E
One week old S H E L L B O Y E
warning v rude!! LARGE rabbite illegally occupies pupper bed
U thought I am avocado but actually am avodoggo
Heckin' good D E L I V E R Y B O Y E
coming in for a h~e~l~l~o
"When it's your job to protect against bamboozles, but it's just your first day"
find you a fren who does you a happy like this!
B O O T Y B O Y E
The many faces of shib
Not even the symbiote can stop him from being a g o o d b o y e
Mleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeemmmmmm.....
F L O A T B O Y E
he wins our hearts at the end of the tennis championship
Incredibly L O N G B O Y E Does a H*ckin Welcome
Activating: Boop Mode
smol cloude does an awoooo
I said B A D B O Y E S three times in the mirror and these S P O O K Y B O Y E S are HAUNTING me now!!!!! PLS DONT TRY IT FRENS
C O M F Y B O Y E
a vv good kind of visit!
13/10 would pet them all
two AWOOOOs in perfect harmony
A rare snekpup.
P O T A S S I U M B O Y E
a HUGE sneeze from a SMOL pup
Stuck Shiba Inus: Fate accepted
Fren Let me at Him!
Family time is good doggo time
Gamer boye
Doggo teaches pupper how to get down stairs.
Hide your shmackos! Bad boye has come to town
S C I E N C E B O Y E
S K 8 E R B O I I
G O O D B O Y E does a heckin good frisbee
little pup first steps
T R A I N B O Y E S doin a choo choo
PUPDATE: bacteria bamboozled and goldengirle is HOME!
R E S C U E B O Y E
Pupper fetching a stick
Welcome to J U R A S S I C B A R K
Very oldboye living on an orchard for as long as I can remember. Arthritisboye but sweetboye too
good dogs
+5 defence +8 taste -3 agility +100 style
poor pupushka had head hurting juice removered | plz send warm fuzzies his way!
H O T D O G E
Detectiveboye doin a heckin surveillance
am dove pls throw sandwich coo coo
"U thought I was fruit, but am actually doggo"
Michael Bay pls
"Heck fren, that is a nice souvenir from the park but it's not coming indoors"
O L D B O Y E does a heckin sleep after scary X-ray. We are heckin happy because X-ray was clear!!! No bone tumors for THIS BOY
B O R K against the machine
O H*CK FREN I APPEAR TO HEV TURTLED
My little pupper is doin a sick today :( pls gib sleep wishes
"henlo frens, scarfboye sending all his warmth to u"
"Merry Christmas, Puppers!"
"""i love you son"""
"injury boye still smilin, nothing brings this brave puppr down!"
More scritches please!
"it is wensday, my frens"
I now have a dog so I can appropriately post to r/rarepuppers when he does something cute which is all the time������
Our new mutt pup Brewster
CAR BOYE DOES AN AWOO
Heck em all
Super Scooty here reminding u to keep smilin nd never give up
"This is it, boy, this is war !!"
Wow my potato keeps barking.. any tips?
Old boye does a sit
Meeting new fren
From suspicious pupper to happy doggo! What a difference a year makes!
B A L L B O Y E
financial genius boy
Husker or cate? Or both 0.0
S A F E B O Y E S ready to look for people after earthquake in Mexico.
Synchronised doggos
Everybody wish this good boye a heckin happy birthday!
H A R T B O Y E send love ur way
shibo doing cloudo a concern
Thank you for your service
"""Ok ok ok stahp! Tee hee... ok ok now more"""
"Hooman, don't play with my emotions please!"
Smol fluff is smooshed
"A literal Rare Pupper, the oldest wolf in the world."
A D V E N T U R E B O Y E
B E S T F R I E N D B O I S do an aprim folls
Smart doggo wins the eternal game
Looks like someone is happy to see you!
goodboi doin a 9-to-5.
rare curl boye
ＭＯＴＨＥＲＢＯＹＥ takes care of lil duckers
Good Boye sees the ocean for the first time
Roast this b a d b o y e
D O G G O when he B A M B O O Z L E S
Henlo robbo doggo I too am robbo doggo
bamboozling vs getting gosh darn HECKING bamboozled :(
G O L D E N B O Y E does a heckin bamboozle!
S P R I N G B O Y E
zoom in on the dog nose
Baby bamboozler
Wendy's be booping hecking doggos
"do you think i can return the pup i brought home, last friday? i think its broken"
"Some of them want to bamboozle u, some of them want to be bamboozled"
jealous boye does an interrupt
Poor Golden B O Y E Has a Headache
Doggo havn a heckin good scratch
y puppers r really so smol
S I C K B O Y E has done a heckin fast recovery! Thenks friendos!
Puppers luv 2 eet tails
A Q U A B O Y E doin a educate
"when she takes heckin too much time while shopping, you go and S I T S in corner."
yay ur home
H U M A N B O Y E
She said the view was pretty. I told her she was prettier
"Not much love on r/aww, maybe a better fit here? She wanted to hold hands during the weekend fireworks. [xpost r/aww]"
P O T A T O B O Y E doing a wander
who could it be!?
Treats???
O O P S boye still looks S P I F F Y
good balance pup made the news
J U M P I N G B O Y E wants a trampoline.
My doggo is a big BOYE now!
Cloudboye taking cloudgirle out
"Bella came to say hello, Bella's dad is coming to pick her up, she ran way from home."
Just comin' through ...
G O O D B O Y E conquers stairs for the first time!
B I R T H D A Y G I R L E !
Please take a picture of me first :D
"Before and After signing ""Good boy"" to deaf dog"
A heckin happy boye showing the happy
rebellious doggo doesnt give a heck
This vv goodboye is 10 years old today!
Heckin sophisticated boye
heck. how u SO smol?? y u pink? r u even a pupper ? ?
dis G O O D B O Y E is da birb whisperer
It’s about to be the G O O D E S T year
Blind doggo does a happy snow trot
Doggo or Froggo???
dangerous boye
y can’t i bite dis
y r u so tol?
OLDBOYE dose a stay alive. 14 Y.O.
cloudie facts
Officer Doggo has finished his service
F L O O F B O Y E does a dance
oops! S E L F I E B O Y E S were not ready haha
H E Y B O Y E doin' a seduce ; )
The local vet has taken on a new part time receptionist for the busy festive period
goodboye clasification
R A I N E Y B O Y E S do a pose in their heckin nice coats
P R O F E S S O R B O Y E doin' a vv great proofread.
Doggo is hold; long boye addition
"L O N G B O Y E was too fat for teh camera, haha yes"
Always import to share wit your tortol frens
"Guess who's in remission, friendos! That c*ncer h*cked right off!"
"Errrm, thnk you fren for some kissums but ur doing me a tad bit of a concern here"
Fly like a beagle to the sea
Handicapable doggo playin some volleyball
Thicc boy doin mlem
Proud doggo mama of 8 young rascal puppers!
Albert Pupstein
poor lil corgo is vvv traumatized after kitter attac
The majestic Hindenbork glides through the skies above the hooman.
Lil G O L D E N P U P P E R enjoy her day at the beach
Know the difference
f l u f f e r b o i !
room for a S M O L B O Y E?
My Spooky Vampire Shibe. Very rare.
james bork does an inspect of neu fren
Hooman pls carry me. Am exsauceted
C U T E B I G H E A D B O Y E
Happy Val o n g tine Day &lt;3
First bath. Getting those little paws nice and clean.
W I N K B O Y E
I can do bubbles too!
dogs allowed
It's a christmas miracle.
Is mashed potatoe?
H E L P F U L B O Y E helps C A T E with a cup stuck on it's head
big boofer meets a beep boop boye
pupperino do a sploot
oculus well pupper
B A B U S H K A B O Y E
w a r m b o y e
When desperate boop yourself
C E R B E R U S B O I is guarding a portal to Heck!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Happy 8th BORKDAY to this H A P P Y B O Y E!!!!
ANUBIS B O Y E
DRIVINBOYE doin a heckin annoy
vvv good S N O W B O Y E is havin a heckin birfday!!
Schmacks and toilet water for evriwan
patriotboye doin a heckin selfie
Lil' man does aqua therapy
S P O R T S B O Y E
Fluffy puppers
Vv hungry boye does a beg
P-800 Infiltatur Unit
"Fence, stop doing me a bamboozle and let me through"
P R O F F B O Y E teaches pupperinos how to be vv G O O D B O Y E S
lil bit tubber but still v good boye
Heckin big pupper doesn't give a bork about social standards
R E C O V E R B O Y E
i wonder what i got for christmas this year? i sure hope it's a goodboye
disguiseboye doin' a bearboozle
friendly pupper allows a pet only to have a trick played on them
S T A R T L E D B O Y E
B A B U S H K A B O Y E
Happy B O Y E gets a clean
Longboyes doin' a heckin Pride
Snoot boyo!
Young clouds receive wisdom from Mama
☁️��
pupperino is addicted to coffees
What does Reddit think of my smiling pupper?
This B R A V E B O Y E dun first boop with vv big snoot cowpupper @ 13 weeks
smol boye soon 2 b l o n g b o y e
Ples to let me in
rarest of scoobpups
"No need 4 fud bowl, jus put fud rite hear, fren."
safety pupper does u a remind
aww yisss lowboye shower time
C O P T E R B O Y E
S T I C K K I L L E R S
I LOVE NUBBY
J U D G E B O Y does a scole
T A I L G A T E B O Y E
"why not visit us, frens"
"Oh no, corgo read the bed manual upside turvy!"
Givin his girlfriend a good mornin snoot boop. Wow wat a gr8 couple!
"o heck he done broked the laws, is still good boye though?"
P A D D L E G I R L doin a heckin good recovery from foot hurts!!
He do a hold
Helow. We are longboyes
"HELPFULBOYES wearing some nice shoes, sniff well puppers"
Happy husko boye
"Heckf, the sky si cloudo today"
VERY RARE B E A N I E B O Y E
Hardworking Shibe makes a G O O D B O Y E
M U R A L G I R L
Before and after I squeaked this length boy’s toy
PORTABLE PUPPER is ready to bork when you are
proud first NY pibble to join K9 squad boye
A Heckin' Refreshing Headline
"Who are you, smol fren?"
P O O L B O Y E heckin happy hangin with daycare buddos
A quick guide to puppers and doggos
That's my sock!
hecking vroom vroom frens!! :)
E G G B O Y E S
G O O D G I R L E doin a heckin cute pose in sunset
upon closer inspcetion... is a gud boy!
C O M F Y B O Y E out for a stroll.
Caught a photo of this pupper in the middle of a yawn
taking a nap next to bes fren
"Please boop my dog's snoot, she likes French Fries"
VVVIP (VVV Important Pupper!)
H O V E R B O Y E does a jump
Lab outsmarts corgi to keep his precious white bone
your doggo is out of town and this good boi comes up to u and starts winking. wyd?
When pupper is a bit down
Pupper sees all. No bamboozling allowed!
Pupper with some heckin cool moves
PROTEC BABY
Heckin good bamboozler
Haha pupper thats 4 bb hoomans not 4 smol borkers
Amazon Pupper order has been delivered.
Always here for you fren
Water pupper does a good encourage
get in fren were doin a speedy zoom
war is heck
"Pupper on left does a VV Gud Try, All are VVvVvVvvv Goode BOYES!"
When u at a cloud convention and a new cloud arrives
awoken boyo does a heckin good morn
Proud pupper's first stick
Doggo lives matter
Floof pupper does a heckin good frendship
c o l d b o y e
"Hy frens, I doing a train fur the Omlympics, here's me doing a hop"
Pupper enjoying the ride
Too much boop for Doggo.
Doggo playin pool
Military boye gets saluteded
All guesters deserves a comfy seat frens :)
pls accept me as one of you cheepers
U B E R B O Y E
W O O D B O Y E discovered in plank
Full of love
Running pupper does a v happy
D E P T H P E R C E P T I O N B O Y E
I found a rare illustrated pupper
You thought i was doggo but am actually loggo. Bamboozled again.
Cannot be a coincidence
hooman pls halp i am stucc haha
A L A R M B O Y E
Doggo cant snooze because he does a toot-toot
wots goin on in here??
Leo was rated 13/10 by WeRateDogs
W O B B L Y G I R L E
diagnoses: G O O D B O Y E
donut forget to recharge ur pupperino
G R A D U A T E B O Y E says congrads to class of 2017
S M O L E B O Y E looking fabulous on his first walk!
When they ask whos the gud boy and u know its u ��
Doggo helps keeping the leaning tower upright!
Didn't know they sold good boyes at Wal-Mart
Train doggo does some splorin
Corgo does a sploot
heck! mayb da longest snoot I ever seen
Doggo steals a pupperoni pizza
K I N G L O N G B O Y E
GIANTBOYE Needs Attention
This G O O D B O Y E had his very first visit to the vet. Needs some internet petting!
Ready For Our Sleep Over Party
V V V humble S C A L Y B O Y E greet you
vv Bige News!
The best heckin service
Oh it's just the new pool boye
I T A L I A N B O Y E does a majestic.
Pupper done a heckin speedee growup
o gud they brought the gudbois
I feel like there's not enough air puppers on this sub. Look how cute this lil guy is &lt;3
Dad doggo checks up on his family
"Reddit meet Dublin, aka BACON BOYE. He lives across the street, but visits my parents often."
Happy and fluffy !
Lengthy boye does a seduction
vvv happy pupper does a shopping
"My G O O D B O Y E did me a scared with big eye surgery, but he's a healed pirate pupper now"
Pupper is ready to tell a story
Three puppers noticed you have a bad day and want to do you a comfort
E X E R C I S E B O Y E
like doggo like pupper
"shhhhhh be vvv quiet, im hunting for schmackos"
Professor brought his dog to school and made a quiz
Getting ready for a heckin cold walk
a vvvv good purchase
H I G H W O W E
Doggos not sure who is ball master
PSA: Please do not leave moo pupper in hot car. It spoils the milk vv much
Doggo Potter does a graduation at Dogwarts
Hungry like da woof
"Bye bye, space cowboy"
Happi Pupp doin a heckin smile
THIS JUST IN
a G O O D B O Y E want up in couch
Thicc water pupper doin a float
Never letting go.
Heckin cute nerv doggos
TALLBOYE
Doggo is clean. He is good boye
S M A R T B O Y E does a heckin' good job learnin'
"Heckin old doggo (left) may be crossing the rainbow bridge tomorrow, much kindness needed"
"I am still smol pupper, right?"
oh noes! big ol' puppo not getting corn fritter did him a C O N F U S E
O L D B O Y E has made a heckin good recovery after back leg problems. Many borks still to come!
B A C K P A C K B O Y E
S Q U I S H Y ��️ O I
M L E M B O Y E
Pupper is well aware..
H A P P Y B O Y E
The goodest boy
heckin big pupper or heckin BIGE bamboozle??
what would u choose
heck frens wat do wehn hungery?
Best frens getting up to trouble together
P U P P E R I N O does a peek
a vvv rare wild corgo appeared
TFW when L O N G B O Y E S get all the boops :(
R I C E B O Y E working heckin hard
be carful on hardwood smol boyes or you may S P L O O T
H E A R T B R O K E N B O Y E does a snooze on my shorts when vvv comfy bed 2 feet away because hooman did a abandon forever ( I was gone for 2 hours)
Trick or Treat B O Y E
I was eating a delicious cheeseburger in this picture (the cheeseburger isn't in the picture).
This is a S T O R M C L O U D
vv rare marshmallowboye
Ultra Rare 15-year old Goldie Girl with pretty pink flower
Smol pupper
vv many shibes doin a smile for camer!
VERY smol big pupper doing awwoo
doggo havin the time of his lief
C O M F Y B O Y E does the watch
B A D B O Y E S
Doin a jailbrek to see frendo
Hedgehoggo does a reach out for schmacko but does himself a bamboozle instead. Balance be vvvvv difficult.
"Pssst fren, you want some schmakos?"
Moddos are asleep. Post bad boyes.
Boy is so gud he becoms T R A N S C E N D A N T
Three huskos waitin for schmackos!
Robin Good
WhoaH JEEZ that's one angery smol turtol pupper
Golden pupperino does a perfect fit in the pup holder
G L E E F U L Boye
vv rare wood boye
Doggo: $10 plus unconditional love
"We haf seeing eye puppers, I dont need 1 but I wud like a listening ear doggo pls"
A N G E L B O Y E
I took a month off of work to bond with this little guy. Here's Koji right after picking him up!
B O A T B O Y E
E X C I T E D G I R L E does a smile
I liek u too fren!
L O N G B O Y E CHARGING
Nobody cared who I was until I put on the heckin mask.
vV cooperative
G O O D G I R L E sits heckin patiently while waiting 4 treat
S A D B O I
He protec
"They're both best boys :,)"
"Mods are asleep, post bad Boye"
lil cloudbois doin big mlems to licc peanut butter
hecking floor doin us a bamboozle
shake hands
sneaky boye does a surprise attak!
U L T I M L E M
Just a doggo going on his daily drive
F L O O D B O Y E doin a safety. Heckin rainy vv scary frens
H U S K E R B O Y E does a vvv bige growe.
pretty girl does a misbehave
puggerino escspage!
S M O L P U P P E R does an awoo
"""Careful with that, I just made it"""
Sleepy mini bear boy
Contortionist boye
herd u were talkin heck
so exite aboat evening fods frens :)
"p o l a r husk, v round boi"
He attac. He protec. But most importantly: He delet!
is corgohusker or huskocorger??
"S H I N E Y G I R L does an injury, send positive shmackos for a speedy recovery"
Little genius
D R E N C H E D B O Y E is actually a heckin F L U F F B O Y E
"Ever since I fell and hurt myself in the shower, he comes sits and protects me from the evil thing!"
Jus out crusing wit de boys frens :)
An Affectionate Pupper
Doin a ponder
Once upon a time... My human said she was going to take me to a walk... BUT IT WAS THE VET
hop
G O O D G I R L E give birth to v v v many gud pupper
Play that funky music c l o u d b o y e
Smol pupper did a hurt
Frida the R E S C U E G I R L E
No bamboozles or flim flams from this car salesman
sleep tight pupper
Smol Pupper with smol hat
"Shhh, fren, pls, not doggo but smol sheepo"
Taxi pupper
The spookiest time of the year is here frens! Beware of T R I C K S T E R B O Y E S and also the B A M B O O Z L E B O Y E S
Pupper goodboye does a high-five
Up pup
D I E T B O Y
long boyes
doggo does a free interweb
B I K E R B O Y E
L A W Y E R B O Y E
visit from ghost ov puppers past (WRNING SPOOK ALERT TURN BACK NOW)
L O N G Doggo shows off her vv long length
S K Y E B O Y E
"Heckin brave boye starts his c*ncer treatments today, send schmackos frens!"
helo fren. got snack?
goodboye: rpg
J I N G L E B O Y E
Pupper is too sleepy for this
Long pupper does a Queen's Guard
Doggo does a growe
She’s got the grooves
vv scary C L O U D B O Y E
SPEEDBOYE
S P Y B O Y E does a heckin surveillance.
Sweet blind girl wants to go for a walk
"Hi frens, I'm Jake."
Can't be D E P R E S S D O when you've got your F R E N D O S!
B I G B O Y E wants boopings
Germophobe C L E A N B O Y E gets heckin grabbed
"Please, can I play with them . . . . Pretty please ?"
H I G H F A S H I O N
Make a Choice My Bois
splish splosh
Pls to boop snoot!
Doggo's look like Gran has dressed them again and they don lik it. .
Doggo tries to eat a strawberry
G I V E R boye does a deliver
Cutest pair of floofs
S H Y B O Y E
B R A V E B O Y E
Most Valuable Pupper
3 kinds of puppers
Wow. Husker and son pose for pic
B A M B O O Z L E D B O Y E
Dug!
Her Majesty Queen L O N G G I R L E wishes to join the alliance
Adorable pupper does a steal of my heart
dinner time is for good boys
H A P P Y B O Y E does a heckin' smile
rare corgo admires magic orbs
heckin brave smol pupper goes on first walk!
Doggo enjoying a good Dry
My friend is in Japan and she sent me this good boye
We is ALL puppers on the blessed day =)
Warm pupper came through our drive thru
B L E S S E D B O Y E
Doge masterpiece
^_^
C H E E Z Y B O Y E does a heckin big bamboozle
B R A V E B O Y E is heckin happy with two NEW LEGS
C E R B E R U S B O Y E
Pupper doin a heckin bamboozle
Jiff the pommerino does a heckin good talent
Pupper too good of a boy for his job
Somon stol may schmackos frens. vv argh
Happy pupper does a cute
A dog's year in pictures
L O N G B O Y E
S E X I B O Y E IS DOIN YOU A HECKIN SEDUCEMENT
Heckin proud of her costume :)
Pls Rember That Wen U Feel Scare / Wen Day Is Dark Alway Rember Happy Day
shibbie pettin shibbie
Did someone say schmackos?
"Hemlo yes, pls insert schmakos direcly into box"
Today I adopted a heckin N I G H T G I R L E
Dis lil guy does you a heckin big hello haha
the fite. who wil win?
Doggo in cow costume
Excite Booy
""" H U N G R Y B O Y E! """
*tearing up* H E R O B O Y E
VALIANT GIRL
Innocent pupper becomes angsty teen doggo
"""I buried my toy right here!! Where did it go??"""
Pupper is a haxorboye
You can hav any toy you want! :D
sleepy girl likes all her toesies touching
H*cking good boye being rescued from rubble after earthquake in Mexico City
boots with the fur
The best kind of customer service.
This boi must be a lazyone
Mood
Ridiculously massive doggo spotted on the underground
White collar woofer does a vv 9-to-5
O L D E G I R L is always doing a sit these days because her bones give her a heckin hard time. She still gets G O O D P A T S
Best friends do everything together...
The sven deadly sins by doge
Achooo..
Pupperfish gets a h*ckin good backscratch from a hooman
I'll just take a quick nap
J A C K E T B O Y E
Pure bread Corgo
Friendly woofer walks big hoofer :)
hmmm yes my stock portfolio in schmakos is maturing quite nicely
vv good corgo does a WBRBGRBWBGWR
I caught this pupper up to no good. Warning given bamboozles continued no doubt.
Might delete soon but I felt cute in this pic
Evolved Pupper
hungry b o y e
Someone grew a big P L A N T B O Y E
My name is Droopimus Maximus. Commander of the armies of bork. General of the woofer legions. And I will have my shmackos. In this life or the next.
Coordination BOYE
Leef Boye
waterfall of smol pups
T O S S I T wit S N O O O P B O Y E
pls sign for pupper delivery
Malamutes vs. Huskers: Lern to tell the differance
This O L D B O Y E going in for X-rays on his hips and back today. Hoping it's not a bone tumor like Dr. suspects. Boops for Zeus appreciated today :(
Halp! L O N G B O Y E has turned into vampire
Trumpet girl tired from playing the doots
Lucky Garlic Puppo
I too want a malamute polar bear.
M A D B O Y E does me an intimidate ��
Cleaning Boye
Too much heckin' snow for G O O D G I R L
Finally bought a house with my girlfriend and got a dog!
He was a sk8r pup she said c u l8r pup
A N G E R Y B O Y E S fighting over their plunder
L O A F B O Y E
one alcohol pls fren
That was not a heckin good bee
U came to righr neighborhood friendo
"Shmacko? No, BAMBOOZLE!?"
Heckin rare parking lot
AAAAA LISTEN MEE AAAAAAAAA
Pupperino vvv much ready for cold winters brrr!
"This is piper, she is now why i get up in the morning and my reason to not drink."
C U D D L E B O Y E torn between staying snuggled with the kitten and checking out why the oven timer just dinged
"Fren, we were told there is a CAT in this room. Have searched for hours and still can't find him!"
"Saved this boye frompotentially being destroyed last night. Scumbags that live downstairs were going to abandon him(skanky house in pic is theirs, not mine)"
cute boye
O C E A N B O Y E gets some belly rubbos
Kitter does pupper a heckin goode massage frens goode scritches much relaxation
One BILLION schmackos! Muhahaha!!
S P I D E R B O Y E
S N O W B O Y E doin a thing
( ( i n t e n s e m u n c h ) )
L I C K B O Y E with C O W E
Corgo having a heckin good time in the snow
Wen you a young pupper and everything does you a bamboozle
The ultra-rare Democorgon
G R A N N Y S B O Y E
When u thought your frens wouldn't remember your birthday but then they do
sosage boye does a deejay
Baby otter cuddling with mum.
My Beager is a D R U G B O I Y after knee surgery wish best sleeps and heckin fast recovery for puppo
W A T R B O Y meets L A N D B O Y!
Wich way to the shmacKos aisle plz
Little A R M O R B O Y I found in my yard
Heckin good boye gets a Christmas treat
"THE DOGGO REBELLION, EAST FRONT. [COLORIZED]"
VVVVVVV bige kitter does watermelon a slurp but hooman wonts kitter to do it a eat but kitter only wants to do it a slurp so keeps doin a slurp
BEHOLD! he cromch the spikey apple
Wat is dis sorcery?
wen smileboye becomes S N A R L BOYE
squorsh
shibe thinks burger is real
detective pupper max solves the case
pls talk to me an my cloud son again! (scientific splanation of how clouds are made ! !!)
Yoga pants
You can also have your own science lab!
Lil pupper does a heckin good job of a police dog
O I N K B O Y E says gud daye
Pupper learns about ice
all abord the SS doggo
always rember hapy day
Friendo scritches are the beste scritches
A heckin' good smile on this fren
he happ
It was an accident fren! ��
v good pupper does an \o/
Et tu hooman?
A R T
"Cate: ""Heck off my pupper fren, other cate!"""
Vv swollengirl is on her way to the vet. Send thoughts and pets.
S H E E P B O Y E
Goodboye is a Jenga PRO
C O N F U S E D B O Y E
Sneezing Husker
Good boy brought you a leaf!
H*CK FREN THSI SPINER IS DOIN ME A BAMBOOZLE
henlo fren your uber driver is here
Pupper doesn't know the difference between the neighbors moving their trash cans and thunder.
Golden Boye has a black birthmark on his left cheeky. Wat a heckin rad floofer
Heck Fren
V good doggo does a graduate
vvvv smart &amp; vvv fashion boye looking for deep convo
AAAAAWWWWWWwwwwwwooooooooo
Long pupper doin a sneak
�� sleep tight pupper ��
In love boye
The goodest blinkers
Here's my lazy pupper. On the peace river 7 years apart.
d o g e i t t o
Y O G A B O Y E
"today i adopted a FLOOFGIRLE but she is doin a heckin good hide, cannot find her :("
Why hello there...
The kind of ransomware we all want!
smol girl does a larg mlerm
pupper tries to save fish ;(
Loves to entertain...
True masterpiece
This G O O D B O Y E showed up on my Tinder today
"MODS ASLEEP, POST BAD BOYS"
"Brave boy Medo (""cute bear"") who stoped woman being robbed by thug in the street"
Friendos
1 puppo 1 ducko
B A N D A N A B O Y E S
Giant cloud about to eat smol island!!
Sight to see the moment you wake up..
Domesticated Doggo doin a helpful
Diva doggo
Good boye admires pepperonis but doesn't touch
Oh no! Beware the danger doggo! (Only joking he just a lil smol boye)
Henlo Fren
"Do I do you a frighten, frens?"
Rare pupper does heckin good baggo
Summer Pupper Surfing
AwooOooOoOo
Skinny boie running in hecking hard rain
BIGGE kisses for smol ratto fren
smol smiles
"Oh heck, now what in the world is this thing?!?"
Bear cuddles with sleeping pupper
Wabbit does L O N G B O Y E a real heckin concern
heckin good price !
S M A R T B O Y E
Lake Pupper!
"Wake up doggo fren, this is you in my book!"
henlo
Bouncin' doggo
This is Kia. She's a search and rescue dog and had saved lives. She loves to be pet and is a VERY GOOD GIRL.
SPACE B O Y E doin an explore
Snuggle Pup Activate
Stop staring at my chips
C L E A N B O Y E
shibber does an angery
When you lose your hecking footing
R I C H B O I
bige boye thinks he is still pupper size
C h o m p y b o y e
Lord of the bamboozle
Fluffy moo pupper
B A L A N C E B O Y E
"Pupperino heard you might not be happy. ""I'm commin fren!"""
C L E A N B O Y E
I think this Husky LOVES he Snow &lt;3
Ready for winter!
G O O D B O Y E does a graduate!
Waiting for hooman to notice good girl
B U B B L E B O Y E enjoys himself
EntubedBoye
Spaghetti L O N G S N O O T
"This is Lily doin a goodbye, she is the goodest girl."
when the hooman holds up a schmacko at 6 feet
This B O Y E singin' for his dinner
S A F E G I R L doin an evacuate
A R M Y commander doggo does a heckin order!
Ramen pupper noodlin' around.
S T U C K B O Y E betrayed by fren
H A T B O Y E does a FLOOF
"frens, I iz confus--how is dis pupper so S M O L?? Doign me a significant confuz!"
Don't be alarmed
Please talk to me or my son again
C H E E S E B O Y E
B I G B O Y E was pupper but now is doggo
T H I R S T Y B O Y E S
Cloudbear is watching over us always
Say AAH
G O O D B O Y E s doin' a heckin' gud chow line.
T O A S T Y B O Y E
Pupper comforts her human
Husky wants some cold
Shibbers heckin confused!
"You've been hit by, you've been struck by, a Bam-Boozle!"
F O S S I L B O Y E doing a prehistoric
wen mom says u can has a schmacko
hard day at work
C O W B O Y E
Wen u in love but a bige wall does u a heckin blockade
No fren I am not goin anywhere near that little ball of heck
This is mine
Mr. Borkside
lil dutch boye. heckin proud of his costume
Endjoying de last dais of sumer frens :)
How to be a vvv cool B O Y E
"Work it, gurl"
P I X E L BO Y E
Disabled girl does a super scoot
Exceptionally powerful sorcerer ��
Sheep doing a sneak attack on unaware corgo
"As long as it's with you hooman, I don't care where we go"
Basket full of corgis
D O U B L E L I C C
"met the GOODEST speckleboy today in the train, his owner said he's a big fruit fan and will eat any fruit: H E A L T H Y B O Y E"
THE HECKIN FACE U MAKE AFTER U DO A BAMBOOZLE
my C U R L Y B O Y E banana for scale
B E A R B O Y E doin a heckin bamboozle
THE NEW GUARDIANS OF THE PORTAL TO HECK!
Fight stoppers
iT iz An SHaRK!
"Drax the Destroyer loves to curl up next to me when I read books, he also enjoys our local half priced books store. ��"
Golden refus to leave store
This floof hangs out in the window every time I walk home from school
grumpy spikyboye was just a hungryboye
"Congratulations, /r/rarepuppers, you're the /r/aww subreddit of the week!"
Golden boi doin a heckin' good rescue!
You thought it was plant but it was me - H U S K O. Get bamboozled!
Sad Shibe... :(
Doing some walkies frens :)
HAHAHAHAHAHHA gr8 joke fren!
After two months I think this goode girle is starting to understand that no one will ever hurt her again.
Wish good luck to surgeryboy's recovery.
F A S T B O Y E
P U M P K I N B O Y E
M O O B O Y E plays boopball
"""dis my stick now"""
You taste good fren
Pupper wants to go out and play
The doggo on the left passed away this week :/.... He was a good boy.
MONEYBOYE
Vv gud sauce
Best frens
S C A R E D Y C A T
Husky pupper on neighBORKhood watch
All hail the Bamboozle God
SMART BOYE KNOWS WHEN YOU TRYING TO BAMBOOZLE
Heckin big doggo or heckin big bamboozle?
S a u s a g e girle wondering why I haven't pat patted her yet
Hmm... something v suspicious about this pupper...
Good pupper makin sure the milkgirles meet their daily snoot boop requirements
M Y S T E R Y B O Y E S
excite boye does a h*ckin L I G H T S P E E D
B A L L B O Y E
Spy pupper doing a heckin hiding
Mr. Steal Yo Girl
smol C L O U D B O Y E does a sneak
Bork in peace gabe
bet u thought this was a STINKBOYE!! bamboozled!!! just puggo
��
L O N G B O Y E finds a vv handy snoot holder!!
Someone reposted a picture of my pup but everyone seemed to love him so much I decided to post another one. Meet my G O O D B O Y E Cain!
Class now in session for Borkology 101
F L O O F E R S on S W O O P E R S
heckin big floof shoober does a heckin big sleep
attac de bol!
When you get home late and dad's waiting at the door.
!¡! b a m b o o z l e s !¡!
"Mia heard heckin bad human break into her Hunan's car. Mia borked and borked and woke her humans up. Bad guy was caught, and had broken into a heckin lot of cars! Lots of humans now think Mia is GOOD GIRL!"
Oh wow hai frenf could you help me I seem to be in a heckin predicament
Mr. Duckworth is one heckin good sleepin pal for Buddy
Father doggo dissapointed over pupper
I does good job
"Pls frens, be v v careful NOT to lock out spooky puppers this scaryween because ALWAYS find way in"
Harvesting potatoes
Puppo breaks out dancing at a red light.
"G R E Y G I R L E made it through getting hit by a car and a couple years of infrequent seizures to make it to 15 years young! Still happy as ever, still looking for pats and snacks but likes a big hug most of all"
"heck, learn the difference, fren"
This flat boy is heckin sneaky
peep frens doin corgo a follow
Ghostie pupper back to haunt your SHMACKOS!!
F L O A T B O Y E
Me
The pupper queen gets a haircut
You can do da ting [x-post /r/animaltextgifs]
Know the difference frens
He does this whenever he greets people
I wrote a poem to a working dog I saw at the airport
A Bright-Eyed Blep
Don't woofs at me or my son ever again
Such beauty
"Longboye, longtoye. But which one is which? Bamboozled again."
I gof sctung by a bfee
sneezey boye does himself a tumbel
just a coupel of S A L T Y B O Y E S
Robbo pupper does big boye a heckin bamboozle
Many faces of shoob
title
PSA: Your SO is cheating on you with the FCC. Click here to give them a piece of your mind.
"Gf (36) wants me (38) to pay for her college debt of $80,000. Says if I don't, our relationship is over. Should I just leave? I currently pay all the rent, utilities, food, cell phones, travel and entertainment. It didn't start this way."
"“Love isn’t a state of perfect caring. It’s an active noun, like struggle. To love someone is to strive to accept that person the way he or she is, right here right now. “ -Mr. Rodgers"
Update to “my husband charged $200 on my credit card without me knowing”
I took your guys advice... and it worked!
Update: I [28f] literally just found email after email from my fiancé [27m] to his ex girlfriend [20s/f] belittling and making fun of me and worse. Seriously shocked beyond belief right now.
My boyfriend of 5 years sexually assaulted his 18 year old female coworker.
"I [M/25] found out that my girlfriend [28] told her sister and her best friend that my son [7] is a retard and a little bitch. I feel very hurt, angry and betrayed and I'd like some advice."
I just broke up with my holocaust denying girlfriend.
My girlfriend humiliated me in public.
Update to * my husband charged $200 on my credit card without me knowing*
I[30F] found out my husband[40M] of 10 years has been taking 200 dollars cash out of the Bank every 2 weeks for over 10 years.
My [34/m] wife [31/f] has caused me to lose all of my friends because of an incident that happened on Monday. I may have lost my job?
I (26/m) cried during my birthday dinner with my Gf (25/f) because I was remembering my Dad who had passed a year ago. She got mad and cancelled my cake for dessert.
(UPDATE) (F42) coworker filed a complaint about me (F21)
UPDATE: My sister (28F) left her cat with me (21F) for 2 years and now I don't want to give him back
"My husband likes to choke me during sex. The last couple of times he has done it, he pressed the windpipe, it has scared me, and I have begged him to stop. Tonight, he wouldn’t stop. I ended up having a full-fledged panic attack."
Today I caught my wife and brother in law holding hands under a blanket. Am I over reacting?
A follow on from finding my fiance cheating a few months ago. She went an hung herself
my boyfriend tried to kill himself today.
For all the young couples out there in the same boat as me
"UPDATE: My bf (31 M) crossed a line that I can not over look, what should I do?"
[Update] Everyone in my [22F] life hates my boyfriend [25M]. What should I do?
Caught my brother (18M) having sex with our aunt (35F).
My gf ruined my college graduation and idk what to do about it
My [20/f] boyfriend [20/m] is making every excuse possible for me to not meet his female best friend [20/f] and it's making me suspicious.
"Girlfriend (23F) is uncomfortable with me (22M) having weekly language learning Skype conversations with a married 40-year-old Japanese lady in Tokyo, and us sending care packages to each other every 6 months."
My girlfriend has turned into a spoiled brat - UPDATE
My boyfriend(24m) of 6 yrs and I (24f) split rent and all of our utilities evenly....He's a professional athlete. My best friends found out and are hardcore judging.....even saying that I shouldn't be working at all!
My girlfriend's beliefs are ruining our relationship.
I did something bad in anger. Now my girlfriend wont talk to me
"Husbands and boyfriends, learn about your SO’s feminine products and what they mean."
UPDATE: My [22/m] girlfriend [20/f] is on Tinder and refused to stop.
My GF Broke up with me to try sleeping with other guys but wants to get back together afterwards.
My “friends” poked a hole in my condom
"[UPDATE] My [25M] girlfriend [25F] wants to meet my sister [7F] who I take care of, but I'm not quite sure its a good idea."
Should I let a pregnant woman know her husband is cheating on her?
Am I [23M] wrong for throwing my now ex girlfriend [25F] out?
"[Brief update!] Straight (M/27) and I hit it off with a transgender woman (MtF/23) without realizing she was trans. I'm not sure how I feel about her being transgender, but I really like her. I'm not sure how to proceed with her while I grapple with my thoughts. Any advice?"
Wife (27F) told me (30M) she wants an open marriage. I don't. I don't know what to do.
Update: How can I [14/f] stop my brother's friend's (17/m) dirty comments
I (30/m) just crushed a human (28/f) by breaking up with them after 8 years. Now I feel shit.
Wife (f/29) cheated on me (m/32) and I hit her
Update: I(32/f) think my boyfriend (30/m) was a sex tourist in SE Asia.
"UPDATE: ""My [23/f] boyfriend [25/m] says he didn't cheat, but the evidence suggests otherwise.."""
"My boyfriend bought Battlefront 2, what should I do?"
[28/f] My boyfriend (30/m) just told me he's going to co-parent a dog with his female friend
I(38/m) am dating a woman (37/f) who is entirely out of my league.
UPDATE: My [27/f] boyfriend [35/m] goes soft during sex
Husband called me a kept woman... in front of his ex...
"I (f26) discovered that my 11 yo daughter has been having a ""relationship"" with a 37m for four months."
"While we are visiting her parents for the holidays I [25/m] discovered my fiance [24/f] is cheating on me, we head home tomorrow and I have no idea what the fuck I'm gonna do."
"My (28M) Fiancée (28F) lost over 300k gambling and partying on a vacation, am I a bad SO for calling off the wedding? Together 7 years"
My [33F] sister [27F] is a height snob. I don't know how to talk to her about it
My [36M] son [16M] wants to come home. I don't think that's a good idea right now.
Update: I (26/f) went on a second date with a guy (26/m) at the movies and was trying to cuddle him but he didn't reciprocate. Why?
I (27F) am The Crazy GF and I don't know how to stop.
(26m) My girlfriend (22f) broke up with me and took me back the next day. She never told me she slept with a guy during those hours.
My wife was raped and I'm scared for the future.
My [18F] boyfriend [21M] has been cheating on me with my mom [45F] for three months! I only just found out about this yesterday!
How do I F/36 get through today without going to jail for giving my daughters F/21 boyfriend m/24 the same respect he's given her?
"My girlfriend works as a waitress, a guy left his number on a note and my girlfriend says 'I consider texting him saying thanks and that I have a boyfriend'. I am dumbfounded to why she would consider that. Am I in the wrong here?"
"I'm [30/M] walked in on wife [28/F] cheating wife her ""gay friend"""
[UPDATE] My [23F] mother [56F] is angry because I am hesitant to lend her money from my student loan.
Update Wife of 10+ years and paranoia
Broke up with my boyfriend today
How to stand-up again after a breakup
A mutual friend raped somebody. My girlfriend and I have very different opinions about it
My friends catfished my boyfriend
UPDATE: My boyfriend of 4 years [22M] just told me [21F] that he slept with his HIV+ coworker. He says he wants to marry me. I feel so lost.
***UPDATE*** [26/m] I just found out my girlfriend [23/f] cheated on me during a rough patch in our relationship. How should I proceed?
My husband (55) and myself (53) are at the end of our rope with our adult boys (24/26)
My (26/F) had a threesome with my girlfriend. I called them out on Facebook and now my dad won't talk to me. Should I apologize?
"Straight (M/27) and I hit it off with a transgender woman (MtF/23) without realizing she was trans. I'm not sure how I feel about her being transgender, but I really like her. I'm not sure how to proceed with her while I grapple with my thoughts. Any advice?"
Girlfriend Got A Surprise Boob Job
Marriage Question: My husband will not buy me food
"My mom is a literally a lunatic bitch, what should I do?"
*FINAL UPDATE* Thank you!
Me [27/M] broke up with girlfriend [28/F] of 3 years. My PSA to all those considering breaking up/divorcing their SO. Are you the villain in your own story?
My girlfriend [29/f] talks so. damn. much. I [35m] don't know how to handle this anymore.
[26/M] My fiancée [25/f] deleted all my old photos of ex-gfs without my permission
My (28f) husband (34m) is hates my pregnant body and acts disgusted by me. I feel so alone in this and I don't know how to make it better
My husband charged almost 200$ to my credit card without me knowing
"UPDATE:My[31m] GF[38f] of 4 months believes I've been cheating on her after finding old used condoms in my bedroom. - She was cheating on me, condom wasnt even mine."
My [16/F] dad [38/M] found my porn stash and freaked out calling me names and took my laptop away. What can I do?
UPDATE: (23M) My girlfriend (23F) of two years just asked me to take a break for a while. I'm not sure how to handle it.
"My girlfriend (18) confessed she let her cousin play with her boobs, should i break up?"
My 16f school ignored my anonymous tip about my gym teacher sexually harassing students and now I'm in his class again
"I’m[15m] almost sure I caught my mom cheating, what should I do?"
Girlfriend found old nudes in phone. Punched me in the face.
[23/m] My best friend (22/m) got my mother (47/f) pregnant. What should i do?
My wife [28F] has instituted a Weekday Prohibition on me [31M] and I feel micromanaged
My [48 M] son [15 M] and step-son [14 M] are in a relationship
[29M] My girlfriend [27F] is forcing me to cut contact with my ex-wife
My boyfriend [26/m] thinks that my [28/f] car is his and told me to take the bus to work? While he takes my car to work?
My girlfriend of one year broke up with me over a puppy
My Stepdaughter ( F12 ) Tammy1212 had her Reddit account suspended due to her being one year too young. She is concerned about me ( M26 ) and her mother ( F28 ) getting a divorce and was looking for advice here.
I [24m] was date raped and it has ruined my life and me relationship with my [25f] girlfriend. Please help me..
My girlfriend has turned into a spoiled brat.
Should I tell my neighbor his wife is cheating on him with multiple men?
I Don’t Know What To Do
I want out of my marriage.
Left at the altar
Is it Ok to buy a wedding ring on Amazon at cheap price
My wife [32/f] suspects that I [28/m] have affairs with other women. Goes through all my online history to find references to women and tries to suicide in-front of me. How do I get her help or leave this abusive relationship?
Is my proposal idea good enough?
"I (F29) cheated on my husband (M32). I got pregnant and had an abortion. I cheated again, and we hit each other."
Parents calling me a slut for having 2 male friends
My [35/F] son [11/M] told me he hates me because we're poor.
My (33/f) BF (32/m) didn’t do a thing for my bday. He didn’t forget. He just didn’t do anything.
My (18F) girlfriend will absolutely not let me (19M) have some time by myself without making me feel guilty about it
[Update] Ex wife who left me twenty years ago asked me out to dinner.
I'm WAY too attached to my girlfriend and it's making me miserable.
Update: [30/M] My GF [27/F] regularly posts NSFW content on reddit. I'm not comfortable with it. How to approach the topic?
"Wife of 2 years, together for 12 years, wants me to quit dream/best paying job and telling me it’s over otherwise."
"[28/m] My girlfriend (27/f) is mad at me for not remembering our 29 month ""anniversary"" yesterday. What do I do?"
UPDATE: I [21M] just broke up with my gf [20F] cause she was sending topless photos to friends
My wife of....90 days just told me she had an affair a week ago. Should I leave her or forgive her?
Fiancées mum stole our wedding fund and thinks it's a joke. What to do?
I (31/M) just realized that I am the reason my wife (29/F) doesn't love me anymore.
"My boyfriend says he didn't cheat, but the evidence suggests otherwise.."
My [26F] husband [31M] went out drinking last night and still not home at 5:56am
I found some texts from a guy
"Should I walk away, or will my future self be over it in 5 years? MIL told family about my miscarriage, took husband out partying while I passed it. 39F near Seattle, need help!"
I ALWAYS have to give my gf a massage before sex.
[19/M] Met a girl [23/f] online and asked her out (she said yes) without knowing what she looked like. Regretting it and don't know how to cancel without being an asshole.
UPDATE: [25/f] I pay my boyfriend's [27/m] rent and am going broke
My boyfriend cheated on me 3 years ago WITH my best friend and I just found out.
My wife told me after five years and nearly two years of marriage her heart belongs to her Ex.
"I [30/M] just found out that my gf [28/F] had a 3 month affair, just 1 month before our son was conceived."
"I googled him, and he exploded"
[26/F] Not allowed to talk to anyone because of [28/M] husband...
My [23F] mother [56F] is angry because I am hesitant to lend her money from my student loan.
Inlaws won’t go home after thanksgiving visit .
Tinder guy asleep in my living room
My (25M) girlfriend (20F) cheated on me and is pregnant.
[M28] My girlfriend [F27] of 11 years just told me she has been talking to someone for a few months after she started her new job.
My [19/F] boyfriend [19/M] gave my roommate [18/F] a massage while naked and I'm not sure how to move forward with either of them.
Bf (27m) threatened to break up with me (25f) because i play overwatch/video games too much.
"I'm an actor. My boyfriend on 2 years won't attend my shows, I'm sad and angry. He said ""ask anyone"" if I'm being unreasonable about it."
My girlfriend is a holocaust denier.
"My BF (27) best friend (26) had whipped his dick out to me while my bf was in the bathroom. I told my bf and they’re no longer friends I also told him that I’d be uncomfortable if they were to be friends again. His friend reached out to him, am I in the right to still feel the way I do?"
Am I the only one who thinks this is rude?
"Be single long enough to the point where you don't even want a relationship anymore. When that point hits, you'll find someone and fall in love with them effortlessly, because they'll love you for you."
Why is everyone’s advice here always to break up?
My boyfriends mom has hated me for awhile and I just found out why
Sleeping arrangements w/ a guest - Should I let my girlfriend's guest sleep in our bed?
"My bf (31 M) crossed a line that I can not over look, what should I do?"
Wife told me she tried to commit suicide twice because she is married to me... What do I do?
[32M]My friend [32F] is extremely hostile about me and my husband [30M] having a child and can't see the problem or why it upsets us.
My [26M] GF [24F] of 14 months packed condoms for her spring break trip.
[19/m] My GF (20/f) was born a boy... I'm so confused I need help
I [38/f] think my son [16/m] is having a relationship with our maid [27/f]. Should I stop it?
MY BEST FRIENDS GIRLFRIEND HAD SEX WITH MY BROTHER!!! HELP
ANOTHER UPDATE: I dated the same guy for 3 years and now I have an sti
My bf is a huge perv. What do i do?
[34/m] I found out my [33/f]girlfriend/mother of my [6/f]child has been cheating on me.
My GF (24F) sending nude photos considered cheating
What the actual fuck
My [20F] roommate [20F] is way too attached and making me uncomfortable
"I Love This Girl, But She’s Trying to Break Us Up"
"I [20M] accidentally put when my penis into girlfriend’s [19F] anus when it slipped out during hot &amp; heavy sex, I feel awful about it."
(27F) LDR boyfriend not attracted to me after meeting.
[30/M] My wife's[F/30] friend [F/30] is a large woman who negatively impacts our furniture. I want to be blunt with her while my fiance wants a less direct attack; how should we handle the matter?
"Boyfriend's coworker won't leave our house, hasn't paid for anything"
Caught husband jerking off in living room
Is boyfriend’s phone behavior worrying or am I overreacting?
"My girlfriend won't meet share a bed, or have sex with me and won't tell why. What should I do?"
Ended Toxic Relationship...Finally!
I (23/m) am realizing my GF (20/f) is too immature for me?
My[25] girlfriend's (F25) coworker (23) told her I was cheating on her.
Girlfriend wants to buy a lie detector test for me
She [19F] asked me [M19] why I haven't made a move. Had no choice but to be honest. How bad is it?
Found out last week that my (37m) wife (35f) was diagnosed with Dissociative Identity Disorder.
"Mom (40) keeps asking for my (17/F) money, already owes me $400. Told her no, now she's being really passive aggressive."
I (29/M) have lost all sexual attraction to my GF(23/f)
[UPDATE] Aggressive coworker [28/M] lost his temper at me [30/f] in a meeting. Now HR is giving me a choice.
My boyfriend of 10 months passed away suddenly a few weeks ago. How soon is too soon to move on?
UPDATE: [M/33] worried my fiancee [F/33] is going to end our engagement over something silly
Girlfriend sexy underwear
"My (30/m) girlfriend (28/f) is considering a ""friend date"" with a dude who asked her out."
How can I [14/f] stop my brother's friend's (17/m) dirty comments
"[violent BF] My BF beats me, rapes me, but he is the only one I've got. I want to die"
"Girlfriend is a skinflint and just hordes most of her money in her savings account so if we want to eat out, order food, go to movies ect then I it's me that ends up having to pay for it all and I'm not sure how much longer I can be bothered too as I really don't like it."
Do you think it is hypocritical if a man does not want their SO to dress revealing or seek attention but he checks out other women who do so?
I (30/F) feel like my husband (33/M) chooses food over me.
Am I abusive?
My girlfriend won’t have sex with me anymore
I (27/m) am finding it hard to see our future together due to her (28/f) money problems
I [24/m] am confused by why a coworker [24/f] said this to me
I [26/m] found evidence that my MIL is smoking black tar heroin on tinfoil whilst babysitting our 3-year-old daughter.
Girlfriend [31F] just kind of dropped an anvil on my head [28M]
Domestic abuse next door?...what do I do?
"Boyfriend (25) expects me (22f) to adapt to him, bit refuses to make changes himself."
What does your boyfriend/husband do that make you fall even more in love with him?
Ex-husband [24M] left for my [25F] younger cousin [20F] and now they're getting married.
I'm [28/m] my [25/f] fiance just broke up with me to be alone. Turns out she doesn't.
Is my Mother taking advantage of me? [URGENT]
Fiancee (41F) left me and is upset I'm (33M) only giving her a month to find an apartment.
I think I'm in love...
My girlfriend mentioned she would be ok with having sex while she's asleep
"Boss' cat passed away. It was a company cat that everyone loved. I'm so awkward with these things, I'm not sure what to say to my boss when I see her."
I (26/F) have a boyfriend (26/M) who really wants to be a cat. What do I do?
"GF had energency on her holiday, i had to manage everything over the phone, now she wants me to pay her phone bill"
My fiance just beat my ass.
Breaking up with my girlfriend of 6 years
Guy I've been seeing (22m) fucked me (20f) in my sleep. What now?
I am pretty sure my [42M] wife [38F] is cheating on me - advice? - 2 year update.
My boyfriend hates me stripping.
I've (F/27) tested positive for an STI. My fiancé (M/27) swears he has been faithful. Don't know what to do.
Girlfriend pregnant
Can't ask out a girl because I am ashamed of my job....... am I overthinking this?
Is it time to divorce? My husband [42M] always wants threesomes with me [37F] even when I say no he still plans them.
UPDATE I (27f) left my addict bf(27) 3 years ago.
Is my bf crazy?
[UPDATE] I (24F) moved out of our place. My husband (26M) wants to make things right. Need advice.
I [16/M] gave my girlfriend [16/F] the surprise/gift of her life. How do I make sure she doesn't expect this again?
I want my husband to find me attractive
[29/m] I'm struggling to find my girlfriend [27/f] sexually attractive due to weight gain
"GF [46/F] won't get a job, I'm [42/M] supporting her, She complains about the time I spend with my son, I'm stressed in every way. Waht to do??"
Just found out my friend of 15+ yrs had sex with my GF while we were living under the same roof. :(
I want a boyfriend not a roommate
My boyfriend (23M) grabbed my (22F) hand and wouldn't let it go while I was driving down the highway. He says I'm overreacting.
An update on my father (48/M) and the child porn I (18/M) found on his computer
My GF [25/f] is sleeping over at her guy friend's house [24/m] in a different state while at interview.
My (31/f) best friend (33/f) just cock blocked me and I am angry and confused.
I [25/F] wish my boyfriend [25/M] was more of a kind-hearted person. It's making me re-consider everything.
"I (24M) slept with the girl (22F) I was seeing and it was bad, I have a good reason. She broke it off, how should I tell her?"
How do I tell my boyfriend I used to be in porn way before I met him and started dating him
"[Update](I[M40], have a coworker [F24] who hits one me and asked me out despite knowing I'm married.)"
Me [30/F] with my husband [30/M] 11 years has become reckless and left me for an 19 year old after starting antidepressants.
Is it abuse?
[UPDATE] [28M] lost Indian GF [29F] to arranged marriage.
"My(30/m) wife(28/f) has cheated on me, and I do not know what to do."
"TLDR; Wife wants to move closer to her mother, (4 hours away) I'm 3 years into building my career and commuting 4 hours is not an option."
My brother has a history of abuse and expects us to forgive and forget every time
I'm [23F] addicted to reading about other people's relationships.
"Younger sister, [16/f], is dating a significantly older man [27/m]. What should I do? Thoughts?"
I'm (54/f) and not sure what to do about my son(30) and his GF(28) living in my house
I'm (M34) a doctor and one of my interns (M26) keeps buying me expensive gifts. I don't know how to respond anymore.
I [18F] am friends with this guy [19M]. I have a huge crush on him but I worry I said some racially offensive things and ruined our friendship.
"My (29f) boyfriend (34m) has started some very odd, somewhat hilarious, somewhat scary, habits in the bedroom and I'm not sure if they are cause for concern."
What do I do to motivate my wife?
Wife[40f] asks me[40m] for things without actually asking and its annoying me
My [31F] friends in my yoga class find it really weird that I'm dating a younger man [23M] and they are not returning my calls or even talking to me anymore at class.
I'm sick with bad sore throats and he wants sex/said I don't need to swallow!
My girlfriend [24/f] and I[27/m] have nothing to talk about after 4 years of relationship
Girlfriend(22/F) is vastly more educated and intelligent than me(25/M)
Why doesn't my husband care if I orgasm?
Fiance (23/m) does nothing all day but play video games. I (24/f) am always having to ask him to do everything and am tired of being his mother/secretary.
My (28/F) spouse (39/M) dated during our separation. She (38/F) still loves him. He wants to stay friends.
My fiancée and I have been receiving disheartening text messages for the last 5 years. Need your help
Girlfriend tattooed my name...
I had to let [30/f] go. [27/m] here. I feel terrible and I can't get over it.
[23/f] My best friend (26/f) has been compulsively lying to me about how she has been taking care of my dog while I'm away from home.
Yesterday I (21/f) saw my ex (23/m) for the first time in two years. He was standing outside my window. Do I have any reason to be scared?
My sister (28F) left her cat with me (21F) for 2 years and now I don't want to give him back
"Started reading ""Insecure In Love"" holy crap it really hit home"
"I (36m) see my gf (42) chatting online every night, now see dick pics saved"
I [21F] looked through my boyfriend’s [22M] phone and saw him sexting a girl and talking about the sex that they have had.
I [20m] no longer want to be best friends with a racist
My[22F] boyfriend [23M] of 3 years has a new female friend who is exactly like me
How do people not worry in relationships?
"Me [30 M] with my fiancee [28 F] of 6 years relationship, found out thousands of texts to coworker and she is lying about it all"
"My [28M] girlfriend [28F] was given the same gift I had planned on giving her by her family, now I feel depressed."
Update on girlfriend needing space
Boyfriend [38M] sent sexy photo of me [21F] without my permission to his friend. What do I do?
"Blind date looks so much like my mum, i can't be with her"
"My boyfriend (soon to be fiance, 28 yr old male), accidentally shit in my mouth (I'm a 29 yr old female)."
[20/m] How many girls would break up for a friend?
My girlfriend takes it personally when i ask for a day to myself?
I (32/M) might be divorcing my wife (27/F) after just over a year of being married because I can't show emotion.
"Ex, (28F) and her Parents still want me, (29M) to go on Hawaii vacation with her family that was booked months before we broke up."
"Out of nowhere my wife of 2 years (relationship of 6 years) put to me that she is no longer happy in our relationship, she feels that the spark is gone and no longer finds me attractive. I don’t feel the same way, love her more than ever and am terrified of loosing her. (M29, F26)."
My husband told me I'm stupid and...
Guy confided in me about cheating?
My [28/m] wife [29/f] didn't come home two nights ago.
"I'm [23/f] and my [24/m] boyfriend is too good for me, what should I do?"
"My (American/29/m) ""wife"" (Chinese/29/f) and I live in China, and we are miserable together. We just had a child. How can I turn this around?"
"People who only see their partner once a week or less, how do you stay emotionally connected?"
[28/f] Sex with my husband (29/m) is incredibly painful and will most likely never get better. Should I continue to torture myself?
Aggressive coworker [28/M] lost his temper at me [30/f] in a meeting. Now he won't leave me alone.
[37/F] just discovered my new-ish guy [30/M] has a wife and four kids
My (53/F) ex (35/M) keeps sitting outside my house every night. Is this stalking? How do I address this?
Do any of you shower with your SO? What usually happens?
I [25M] want to divorce my pregnant wife [24M]
My (21f) flatmate (19/f) has posted an ad on Airbnb and accepted someone to come and stay at our apartment without my knowledge or permission - how do I confront her?
"My [26/m] two closest friends 2x[26/m] shamed the day after I told them ""I love you guys and we all deserve to be loved"" during a late night deep chat about life while drinking and rolling together. I played it off at first but now feel it has doomed my friendship with them. Am I overreacting?"
My [24/F] fiancé's [24/M] relationship with a female friend makes me uncomfortable
"My [19/F] boyfriend [18/M] left me drunk in the road past curfew, and my father wants me to dump him."
Gf and gay male freind. Over reaction?
Roommates Sex Life Is Ruining My Sleep
My(22f) sister(18) is trying to go to Dubai for 3 months with her new boyfriend(19)
Would it be wrong to get a hysterectomy without his permission? (Mostly me ranting and telling the full story)
Wife got me a lap dance from and now pissed.
My wife (f26) is starting to physically abuse me (m28) since i want a divorce because she cheated on me
"People who were cheated on and forgave their SO, how did you do it? Did it work out?"
My wife [33f] attacked me [31m] today and is pissed at me?
"My (32M) husband complains about how much I (25f) sleep, and goes out of his way to wake me up in the morning"
"Am I completely unreasonable if dogs are a ""deal breaker""?"
Boyfriend [32/m] mortifies me [26/f] at a coworkers' party
"How to tell the difference between a ""is the grass greener?"" moment, and actually wanting to be out of a relationship with someone"
Fiancé accused me of flirting with our neighbor because he said hello to us. And he made this accusation in front of my daughter. Help.
Husband shit his pants on the drive home from IKEA lunch today
"I [m/28] married young, and not unexpectedly, my wife [f/28] and marriage is changing. I am NOT looking to keep her from changing. I just want some perspective from people who have experienced similar situations."
"UPDATE: gf broke up with me, threatened to murder me"
Gf[21] of 5 years broke up with me [m21] 3 months ago over someone else. Now she wants to get back and move in
"I (22F) have been asking my boyfriend (22M) to do a small favor for me for almost 2 months, and he still hasn't done it"
"My wife of 15 years has had an emotional affair, stated she loves another man, but still wants to be a family."
"Need relationship advice for female friends, feeling like girls don't like me. 26/f"
"I'm (32/f) still single this 2017: planning to quit my job and travel the world, what do you think?"
I'm 24/m. My girlfriend (23/f) is gullible and I don't know what to do anymore.
Girlfriend pregnant by another guy wants to work things out.
"Just acquired proof that my mother has been cheating on my father. She told her friend ""I'm just trying to get a car out of this fucker, then I'm giving him the divorce papers"". Advice on how to handle this?"
"My [24M] roommate/best friend [24F] wants to know if I think of her as my girlfriend, but I'm unsure of how to properly answer that."
Married six weeks and he's already texting other women?
Why is ghosting so common?
Breaking up with my pregnant GF?
My [29f] Husband [35m] is out of town... and probably cheating on me with his cousin!?!
Awkward situation reminded my cousin [34 F] that people expected her husband [31 M] and I [31 F] to end up together and now everyone's upset
I(32/f) think my boyfriend (30/m) was a sex tourist in SE Asia.
My [28F] boyfriend [29M] is on bringing weed on cruise tomorrow and I'm not comfortable with it
My wife (32/F) had some pretty inappropriate stuff in her browser history and is now lying about it to me (34/M)
"My boyfriend (28M) told me (24f) I take too long to Orgasm, I now feel like a burden &amp; i’m even MORE stressed out about it"
A friend threw away a bunch of his scrap sketches. I pulled them from the trash and framed them. He wants them back now.
[Update] My [36M] wife [39F] has been cheating on me with a college student [19M] for three months! She's a cop and she met him while on the job!
I (29/F) almost left my husband today (33/M).
"I [26M] have just returned from a tour with the army and I proposed to my girlfriend [28F]. Last night, I asked her if I could take her last name when we get married, she has been very distant since."
My gf and mother had an argument last night
I dropped an atomic bomb on my boyfriend's business plans and now I feel terrible.
[20M] I have a girlfriend [20F] who is dead-set on moving in with me once we graduate. I'm not prepared for that.
My [23F] boyfriend [25M] makes me spend the night in a hotel when he's angry/upset
How can someone like me get dates? 28/m
Friends (Fx2 24) had sex in my bed last night while I was in the room and I'm (27 M) not sure how I feel
Brother doesn't invited father to eat dinner although my father always babysits and drives them around
[28/m] Just found out wife cheated [29/f]
[32m] my boyfriend's friendship with another woman [22f] is making me [26f] extremely uncomfortable. Am I being paranoid?
"Me [29/f] was told by my husband [32/m] last night that I was embarrassing him, and his words are breaking my spirit. What do to?"
I think in some ways I’m almost embarrassed of my boyfriend
How to react if a man is trying to hit on your wife/girlfriend at a party? Here is an advice.
I don't know wtf to do. My wife[28/f] just told me [31/m] she never wants kids.
I'm going to a domestic violence shelter tomorrow to get away from my violent and abusive GF. But NOW she wants to start anger management! Is this a trick?? She doesn't admit what she does is wrong. 45 minutes ago she blamed ME for her trying to beat me!!
[30/M]. Wife is threatening to leave me over a morning of fishing with no cell service. What should I do?
I [30m] walked in on my gf[25f] having an intimate conversation about our relationship with a guy who had just asked her out..
"I'm [25/M], my Wife [23/F] has left me to take a ""break"", is she just easing me into our break-up?"
My [35/f] income will quadruple soon- how can I NOT alienate/emasculate my bf[33/m]?
I [27F] found topless photos of my fiancés [27M] friend on his phone.
"[29/M] just found out that I have a 5 year old son to another woman, (26/f) gf and I are slated to be married next month."
Am I crazy?
"I(F20) am feeling a little disgusted with my boyfriend(M20) after first strip club visit. (Also, sex trouble)(NSFW)"
"My husband has been secretly recording MY mother changing...how bad is this, really?!?"
Jealous of My Husband
"I'm (30f), a former coworker (20m) who has been gone 3+ years called my office today to ask a disturbing question, am concerned about this plus what I found online later!"
I [26F] feel like my S/O [25M] disrespected me &amp; my family by mocking a deceased friend &amp; he's upset because I kicked him out my house.
My [30M] friend's [31M] wife [26F] is a hypocrite and narcissist and constantly berates him when out as a group. Do I start to try to call her out?
How do I help my new (virgin) boyfriend be comfortable around me?
"[71/f] My husband [81/m] Financed $140,000 on his own and kept this a secret from me."
I [29/f] can't tolerate that my boyfriend [35/m] believes in new age bullshit.
My [M/25] boyfriend doesn't understand why I'm [F/24] upset
My [25F] coworker [25M] asked me to drinks and then bailed in the rudest way. Keeps giving me the weirdest looks and I want him to stop.
Pregnant and boyfriend broke up with me
My girlfriend admitted to sexting with other men
Starting to resent my boyfriend for his financial expectations when we make such different salaries.
Insecure about size
"I'm 62 [male/divorced 17 years], 5 grown children, looking for friends..."
My (24F) fiance (M28) wants a prenup. Concerned about the premise already.
[44/f] I think my husband [46/m] wants to have an affair.
I (22F) got married young and now...?
"I [M22] have a joint credit card with my dad (70). I've just looked at the statements to see my own history for the first time, and see that my dad has spent thousands of dollars on a facebook slot machine game over the last two years. Looking for any advice"
[update] I (24f) am beginning to resent my husband (30m) after having our daughter.
My partner of 10 years puts her friend before her own family. Really struggling here because it's causing arguments.
"My [28M] Indian ex-gf [29M] that left me for an arranged marriage she didn't want, contacted me 3 months later (yesterday). Wtf?"
"Me [32 M] with my wife [31 F] of 5 years, I'm a regular old dummy, my wife is a certifiable genius and I think it is ruining our marriage, any advice for mis-matched intelligences?"
My girlfriend [26/F] got mad at me [29/M] because I didn't do enough for Valentines day... I'm so turned off.
update: 29F left my abusive husband... Now he's harassing my family
I (M23) am in love with my sister? (adopted) (F20)
I'm (f32) very much not interested in hanging out with friends with kids. Feeling like a jerk because of it.
"I'm a guy (28M) and I work in an office full of women (25F-40F), how can I socialize with them and hang out ""as a friend"" and not be left out for being ""a guy""?"
Girlfriend of 2 years looked through my phone and now we aren't together.
"My boyfriend [23/m] embarrassed, me [23/f], while out at dinner."
Ex fiance marries after 8 months
My boyfriend won’t put any effort into our relationship.
[24/m] I grew up in a christian cult that taught me to hate myself for any feelings of being sexually attracted to anyone. Is there any hope for me to not suck at dating?
Boyfriend [26] asking me [27] for a boob job. Should I be offended/break up with him?
I snooped. I found something.
I found a dating app on my boyfriend's phone. What does this mean?
"My boyfriend is way too eccentric, especially when we are intimate"
[19/F] falling in love with my roommate [23/M] but he has a gf. Drama queen or?
"Is it wrong to want to ""quit"" my friendship with my best friend because of how much he has changed since becoming a parent?"
[18/f] I'm worried about my boyfriend who's been raped
I (28M) am really interested in a girl (25F) who happens to be plus sized and I'm wary about my friends being assholes about it.
I [26F] feel sexually unsatisfied in my relationship with my boyfriend [26M] and it makes me get pissed every time he jacks off. I don't want to be this way.
"I [33F] caught my husband texting a coworker asking for a pic and to be ""secret friends"""
My Fiancée has agreed to take her nephew into her care without talking to me
I'm miserable with all the fighting. I (27m) am a medical student and have a fiancé (26f) who is driving me nuts and I don't know if I am causing it. Things came a head on her birthday last week because I wasn't sweet enough... breaking point.
The love of my life just left me a note saying she's leaving me
Husband (49M) leaving me (48F) for another woman and I'm hurting pretty bad.
[47/m] 7 year relationship with [44/f] ended due to her cheating on me. Still in shock. How did this happen?
"27 y/o boyfriend lied about paying rent, lost it, now I have an eviction notice where I've been living 5 yrs"
An old high school friend (M/20) has been messaging me a lot and I'm (F/20) too nice to tell him to stop.
I (31/f) haven't seen my ex (31/m) in 10 years and been dreaming about him a lot. Missing his sister (32/f) as well who stopped talking to me 12 years ago.
"My [30/f] wife is literally terrified of ""drama"" in movies &amp; TV Shows. She can't watch them with me."
"My husband [24/m] and I [21/f] are trying to lose weight, but he has a lot of false information in regard to weighthloss"
"I already posted about this once and I guess it's sort of an update. I got married yesterday and, just as expected, not a single person from my dad's family showed up."
"My mother [55/f] is forcing me [25/f] to quit my job and find a new one with better pay, and if I don't she's threatening to throw me out of the house."
"A woman I fooled around with 13 years ago went to AA and is now making ""amends."" She was a friend of mine as well as my now wife. I told my wife about it the other night because that may be what she wants to confess, and it is causing a lot of pain. I don't know what to do."
My wife (26/f) wants kids but I'm (36/m) trying to get us financially stable first.
Another Christmas without my “ boyfriend”
"Update on ""I'm [23/m] found out my wife [25/f] kissed another man."""
My best friend(20F) is in love with me(24M)
"How can I (24/M) stop going ""all in"" on dating new people?"
My girlfriend almost killed herself because we broke up for a few hours.
Wife [32 F] of 4 years is lazy and entitled and I [32 M] am an enabler. Is divorce worth it?
"I [26/f] have been faking orgasms my whole life. How do I stop, do I tell my SO [32/m], if so how?"
Girlfriend [23F] upset about not being included in my [25M] family vacation by my mom
"Me [22F] wanted a DnD group but ended up with a suicidal emotionally dependent DM [27F], how do I handle this?"
[33F] My Husband[34M] won't speak to me and doesn't want me to talk to him.
(17f) wondering if it's normal that my boyfriend (17m) looks at pictures of naked girls on reddit to masturbate to.
Am I (23/f) overreacting by getting mad at my boyfriend (28/m) for blowing me off to play video games?
Broke up with girlfriend. Realized i've lost all my friends during my relationship 27/M
"I (27/f) have been saving my money for my dreams, but my spouse (30/m) doesn't want me to."
I [25F] am fed up with my roommate [27M] having loud sex with his girlfriend [23F]. I don't know if this is unreasonable of me.
Broke Up with girlfriend over these Red Flags; was I justified?
I'm [30/f] getting frustrated with my boyfriend's laziness [29m].
My girlfriend fucked my best friend while we were on break
My girlfriend is purposely gaining weight :/
SO doesn't want me as his +1 at friends wedding
I have to finally admit this
I can't afford my friends bachelor party (I'm his best man)
Im forced to say good bye for the worst reason. Cancer
I [26 M] accidentally discovered my GF [24 F] of 5 months was texting her ex and planning a meetup
I [29 M] somehow seduced a girl [25 F] using a language I barely speak. She wants to see me again. Anyway I don't blow it? [UPDATE]
My husbands second life
Almost 21 days drunk. (24M)
I(m31) don't think my wife(f32) is into me anymore. I feel like I'll never be enough for her.
Christian girlfriend trying to convert me
My boyfriend says he will murder me with passion.
My [26/f] bf [30/m] says he doesn't know this random girl who claims to have had oral sex with him. Who should I believe?
Does your SO go with you to the ER if you need to go?
"I, [25F], am now terrified of my husband [26M]."
How do I [20M] make things better after turning down my best friend [19F]?
Should I tell a close friend of mine that his three year girlfriend has repeatedly cheated on him? They are in their early twenties..
I [24M] brought up her [24F] past sexual history and she left and hasn't contacted me.
I [M25] don't want to listen to my girlfriend's [F26] repetitive stories. Should I feel guilty?
I[23M] don't like going to events with my Girlfriend [23F] because she is awkward at social events and gets jealous. I want to be with her and need advice
My fiancee cheated on me with my best friend while I was there in the same room??
"My boyfriend [34/m] jokingly says he would sometimes like to hurt me [26/f], should I be concerned?"
My (25F) boyfriend's(29M) sister (37F) is having a baby with someone who sexually assaulted me.
My (27/M) boss (60s/F) of the volunteer organization I'm working for publically humiliated me for a mistake I made. How should I proceed?
My (22M) girlfriend (24) thinks it's ok to sleep in another mans bed
Am I (m/19) wrong or selfish for wanting to break up with my girlfriend (f/20) to enjoy my youth as a bachelor?
Need Advice: Boyfriend cheated virtually with myself (Explanation in text) Unsure what to do :/
Selfish mother ruined graduation. What should I do?
"Boyfriend's political views have become extreme and hateful, but he is otherwise a great person."
"THIRD UPDATE: My bf (31 M) crossed a line that I can not over look, what should I do?"
Appretiate your SO. I sure as hell didn't
"My (M33) wife (F33) just blindsided me and says she's not sure she wants to stay together, and I don't know what to do."
My married guy friend [35/m] touched me (32/f) when he thought I was sleeping. Should I tell my boyfriend? Should I tell his wife?
"Me [early 20's F] with my recovering addict mom [40's F]. I just kicked her out, I'm heartbroken, and I need to know if I made the right decision. [NSFW]"
"I (37/F) am unexpectedly pregnant with my boyfriend (51/M)'s baby. He wants us to move in together, but does not want to get married beforehand. I do not want to move in and give up my house, unless he is willing to get married or at least engaged before the baby is born. What do I do??"
"My [27M] sister [11F] told me that she feels like a burden to me, but I don't feel that way at all."
BF leaves me hanging after sex.
[24/F] Why do guys keep bringing up pregnancy on the first date? Is this weird?
How can i [16/f] get over the fear of showing my boyfriend [17] my vagina?
I (23 m) have been dating a much older woman (44 f) for a year. My family wants to meet her over thanksgiving for the first time. I don't know how they will react.
[34/m] My girlfriend [33/f] doesn't seem to have any drive to do anything constructive anymore.
[23f] and starting to resent my [23m] husband
"My [29/m] girlfriend [29/f] of 6 months wants me to give up porn. I won't. Should I end it now, or give her a chance to get over this?"
Found half a box of condoms
So she wants to put something in my butt...
A whole day together is too much
"Caught fiancé ""cheating"""
BF (33M) constantly complaining I'm not sleeping with him enough while he chooses porn over sex with me any time.
URGENT HELP: My Ex-GF who is still living with me stole sensitive personal footage from my previous relationships and is threatening those people with it
"Help me reddit, I [M/19] think I’m a /r/NiceGuy and I don’t know how to stop."
"8 year relationship. Bf (36) accuses me (28f) of always ruining his ""good time"" I just came across an odd situation and calmly asked about it."
I [23/M] just recently found out that the girl I've been dating [22/F] has an STI and I don't know how to act.
[23/m] Sex with my previous gf is ruining the experience with my new gf [22/f]
"My child isn't really mine, what do I do?"
"A bit NSFW: I [21/f] have experienced performance anxiety a few times and last night my [21/m] boyfriend told me to ""shut up"" when I begged him not to watch porn after I had to stop having sex. Should I expect more respect?"
My wifes male friend is causing problems. How do I deal with this?
"My bf is obsessed, he cant stop talking about having children"
"I (F/22) am married to a guy (M/22) that acts like he doesn’t care, what are your suggestions?"
My friend's (M/29) wife (F/28) who I thought was also my friend embarrassed me (F/25) in front of all of our mutual friends (F/M 20s/30s).
[F/28] Have been FWB with my roommate [M/26] for 3 years and wanting more. He confessed to me that he has feelings for our new roommate [F/20] and wants to just be friends again.
"Is it fair to ask my[27] girlfriend[25] (been for a year) to remove the intimate (kissing, hugging) pics with her ex from her Facebook?"
My gf(22) told me (m/30) she has a 2nd child a month into our relationship
[Serious] I don't enjoy sexual interaction with my girlfriend because her vagina smells bad. (20/M)
"Reddit, give me (23f) some advice on how to not drown myself in my own tears during this break up from my husband (28m)"
saw a suspicious text...
My boyfriend [22M] pees in the sink
"My (24 m) girlfriend(25 f) essentially ""slut shames"" me all the time"
BF thinks I eat like a man..
Is it okay for me [32/m] to cancel a gift subscription given to a guy [26/m] I almost dated?
"Me [28 M], Not sure what to think about my friends wife (need perspective)"
Boyfriend (21/m) went out with the girl he told me (21/f) not to worry about the day after our break.
She [22] is having another guy stay in her room...
My [24M] girlfriend [24F] of 2 months has a bit of a smelly vagina
[30] Female Live In Boyfriend [33] Shows Me Fake Engagement Ring Box WTF?
"[18/m] My girlfriend [18/f] never buys me anything, despite me buying things for her."
Wife [33/F] finally admitted to cheating on me [36/M]. Now what?
I think my MIL is ashamed of the way her son (31) and I (F/25) met.
"Started dating this girl who was raped, beat, and depressed. Its my first GF, how do I deal with these heavy topics and not seem inconsiderate? Otherwise she is beautiful and funny and I would never have known."
I (20/f) recently realized I'm a lesbian... but I have a child and a fiancé (23/m).
"Tomorrow, I’m calling a phone number that may be connected to the childhood best friend I haven’t spoken to in nine years. What should I say when/if they pick up the phone?"
"My wife got upset that someone called my coworker my ""work wife"""
"I [26F] think I'm growing apart from my basically perfect and healthy 5 year relationship with my [26M] boyfriend, and I want to fix it."
My Fiancé and I Barely Have A Sex Life
I [27/m] saw my coworker's girlfriend do something really disgusting and couldn't shake her hand/look her in the eye. Now he's telling people I'm rude. What should I do?
My gf (23) gets upset at me for not being horny after I (26) am finished with sex
"I'm [20M] and my [21F] fiancée cheated on me, what should I do?"
*UPDATE* Roommates wife confessed love for me
I had a beautiful girl in my bed but I couldn’t bring myself to actually do anything. Am I crazy?
UPDATE: Me [16/F] with my group of friends [16M/F] want to un-invite my boyfriend of seven months [16/M] from a trip and I don't know what to do.
My [18M] Girlfriend [18f] Has Constant Romantic/Lustful Obsessions Over Fictional Male Characters and the Makes me Feel Unloved and Insecure
Bought a ring today.
Boyfriend (27M) of 6 years cheated on me (24F) for the first year of our relationship. I just found out.
My (26f) parents (51m &amp; 50f) have never introduced me to my extended family and I don't know how to handle it.
"My husband doesn’t hit me, but I feel it would hurt less"
"My [24/m] wife [24/f] and her mental health issues. Ive had enough, how can I get out?"
I [42M] just saw my wife's [38F] friend [25F] topless and now I can't stop thinking about her
"Husband wrote poetic heartfelt love letter to his EX one month before our baby was born. Am I overreacting? I need perspective, please help!"
[35/m] Wife [41/f]wants to go on vacation without me for 1.5 months.
"I don't know how to break up with my soul mate. NSFW, serious issues of child abuse beyond this point."
My boyfriend gets mad when I don't want to send pictures even though I've done it before.
"Boyfriend rarely wants sex, but he masturbates all the time."
BF (27) of 3yrs keeps rejecting me F(22)
My sister is dating the guy that bullied me all throughout High School should I be pissed??
Someone has accused my [25m] girlfriend [20f] of cheating on me. Not sure what to do.
Caught my gf cheating
Financial trust issues
"Girlfriend of two years broke up with me because I told her I masturbated a few weeks ago, wtf?"
"[29/F] My husband's [31/M] friend never reciprocates invitations to include me. With how generous we are to him (especially me), I find it really rude. Am I overreacting? Should I tell my husband how I feel?"
My [24M] girlfriend [25F] cheated on me on New Year's Eve. What do?
[21/F] My girlfriend [23/F] is crying at least once a day. I feel like it's falling apart.
[18M] Considering suicide because of a girl and sexual problems.
She misses all the attention she used to get
Should I [30/M] break up with my GF [29/F] over uncertainty about having kids?
Please help! The basics: my wife and I have been together for 10 years. Never once an ounce of jealousy or doubt. Until now.
"Boyfriend wants ""in-between"" relationship. Need help"
Why is my friend [35/M] so overly critical of me [28/F]?
My boyfriend can't accept the fact that I'm pregnant and keeps lying/fabricating stories (Long but please be patient - need outsider advice!)
My boyfriend (21/m) mentioned that he doesn't love me as much as his parents/siblings. I'm weirdly upset.
I don’t like watching much tv and it ruins my relationships
"Boyfriend is hosting his ""other girlfriend"" for the weekend...I am so heartbroken"
He wants me to pay... Am I being totally unreasonable?
Girlfriend won't let me leave apt. without having a panic attack.
Girlfriend thinks its disrespectful that I want to crash on a female friends house in another city.
Can a marriage survive the discovery of a stepbrother installing spy ware on his stepsister’s laptop?
Dad (45) looking for objective advice about daughter’s (17) relationship with her boyfriend.
[25/f] My boyfriend [26/m] isn't making money and won't help me around the house.
Girlfriend almost just got me arrested in public by screaming I was a rapist
My SO of 4 years forgot my birthday 2 years in a row. Today is my birthday and I just don't know how I feel about this. Do I have the right to feel shitty or am I overreacting?
[36/m] My wife [34/f] drew a mind map why she wants to leave
"I [37M] made a comment about Ex's genitals, current GF [33F] wont talk to me now."
My wife (28F) wants an open relationship to be with another woman. Doesnt want it to be open for me (32M)
"My(M, 17) girlfriend(F, 17) has recently started uncontrollably humping"
My fiancé [32/m] is sleeping with another women but still wants to marry me
"Me [34/M] and my girlfriend [28/F] for 1.5 years. She says I need to ""woo"" her more often, and until then she doesn't really want to have sex or cuddle."
"My(26f) husband(29m) went over to a single girl friends house to ""hang out"" after work, at midnight."
"Husband hurt me deeply, how do I come back from this?"
"Me [24/m] Roommate's (22/M) GF (18/F) is over here all of the time, but doesn't pay rent, at what point is she living here and how do I bring them up without making them hate us?"
My (30F) boyfriend (32M) decided to break up with me last night over a fight about living together.
How can I spoil my boyfriend without a big budget?
My boyfriends female best friend confessed that she has feelings for him
[23/m] My girlfriend (22/f) deleted all the female contacts on my phone
A Lesson on How to Completely Destroy the Woman You Love by Not Listening to her Heart.
"[Updates?] Me (24F) and my mother (51F), I am get real sick of her."
Threesome gone wrong
My girlfriend believes I raped her a little over a year ago
A neighbor of ours [19M] asked my wife [42F] if he could buy her worn shoes. She's weirded out.
I think my husband is lying about the military.
Ex-boyfriend (29) ends 6 year relationship and jumps into relationship 1 week after while still living with me (27F)
I [21/f] can't seem to get close with people (friendship-wise) and I feel completely alone
I'm [21/M] being forced to leave my partner [19/M] because he's trans.
This girl [21] i [m/22] was dating went to the toilet and didn't come back
[25/f] Am I jealous of my boyfriend's [25/m] SICK female friend [23/f]? What's wrong with me!?
(F/43) would you let your husband of 16 years go hike the Appalachian Trail for 4 months?
I (32M) just learned my wife (26F) cheated on me with a old college friends while she was at a wedding.
I (31M) was told by my gf (27f) that she did not respect me after helping my ungrateful sister with her homework.
Ashamed: how do I pick myself back up after becoming the crazy ex-girlfriend?
I (20/f) think my boyfriend (20/m) is being hypocritical by not liking me dancing in clubs without him when he has pornstars on his snapchat. Am I being over-dramatic and immature?
I found out my [F 22] boyfriend [M 23] got a happy ending. Anyone have some insight here?
I [26/F] don't want to see my Dad [50/M] pervert friend[60/M] just because he has cancer
"(24/M) Me and my girlfriend (22/F) are on an indefinite break, but she has physical feelings for her room mate / co worker."
Brother-in-law [22M] disrespecting my [28F] and my husband's [28M] house - husband won't do anything
I (24f) am uncomfortable with attention from male classmates-- should I drop the class?
[22M] I've just finished university and my girlfriend [29F] wants me to settle down with her instead of pursuing the career that I've worked hard to get a degree in.
My [24M] GF [25F] of over 18 months is still talking to her ex every few days and had sex with him- she told me she was a virgin
Coworker (f42) has filed a complaint against me (f21) at work and it's all based on a misunderstanding. It's made work extremely uncomfortable.
I (22/F) stayed with a family friend (50s/F) for 2 weeks. She now pressures me for money.
Dating a child
I [34M] messaged my friend’s wife a few months ago about a birthday present for their daughter. Wife [35F] was reminded of it today and somehow I’m in the doghouse. Reasonable?
"I [32/F] found boyfriend's [33/M] email account open, admittedly got sucked into snooping and found out he cheated in the past."
I feel controlled by a 17 year old kid
If you're going through a break-up READ THIS!
Thank you guys!
I [24F] feel like we've become too fusional and he's [26M] taking us for granted...
I (19F) am uncomfortable with my father (65M) casually touching me
Accidentally put my girlfriend in the hospital...
One month ago my Girlfriend (26F) drove 3 hours to a large city in a different state and did a nude photo shoot with a short video promo for the male photographer. I (27M) just found out about it today. 10 months
My girlfriend is getting an abortion.
Boyfriend never touches me unless he wants sex
I (24F) moved out of our place. My husband (26M) wants to make things right. Need advice.
My boyfriend (30 M) gets angry at me (21 F) when I'm having panic attacks due to my phobia
I genuinely didn't know she was sleeping and I feel terrible about it..
"I'm [19/m] kind of getting forced into a relationship with the daughter [16/f] of family friends, please help!"
My [32F] husband [31M] of 4 months won't update his beneficiary info to my name
Why is this girl at the gym suddenly coming onto me?
Accidentally found my [35M] fiance's [34F] lurid email thread from well over a year ago.
[24/f] My boyfriend [22/m] is upset with the lack of intimacy. I am too but don't know how to fix it.
Me (24 M) found pictures of my Gf (20 F) with a another guy
I (27m) suddenly have negative feelings about my (27f) partner. I used to be absolutely infatuated by her.
My girlfriend [24f] broke up with me because I [26m] am bad in bed. She is right. [premature ejaculation] [sex] [relationship advice] [no experience]
Am I addicted to sex?
My (29M) wife (28f) went to dinner with a guy who was the subject of some recent marital issues
I [25/F] Need to Nicely Tell My Roommate/Tenant [25/F] That She Needs to Leave Because She's Making Me Miserable
Is it wrong for a 15 year old (in 9th grade) to date a 14 year old (in 8th grade)
[31/m]I am an abusive husband; I abuse my wife [28/f] daily. Please help me change
I (29/m) broke up with my live-in girlfriend (30/f) with kids. I'm having a hard time not feeling immense guilt for making her struggle
"My [M/22] significant other [F/21] found her ""soulmate"""
I fucked it up with my long distance girlfriend of 1 1/2 years
"Should I (22M) be upset about my girlfriend (22f) asking ""How's his dick?"""
[28/F] Is it weird to want a best friend at my age?
I [29/m] am married. Things are so bad. I feel helpless. Then there's her...
I'm [23/F] contemplating leaving a relatively problem free relationship with boyfriend [24/M] because he is not 'the one.' Is this bullshit? Has anyone else done this?
"I'm an extremely selfish and mostly narcissistic person who dreams about abandoning my friends, partner, and family for no reason other than to have zero obligations to anyone but myself. Does anyone have experience with self-isolation from loved ones?"
"I (28m) just started dating this wonderful girl (27f). I found out she has a way different view on medicine and diseases than I do, and it made me feel upset hearing her talk about it. How do I approach her?"
Men always lose interest in me [31 F]
"[UPDATE] Me [21f] and my Mom [55]. My Mom found out I have tattoos, the whole thing is going a bit overboard. What's happening now."
"My [25M] girlfriend [25F] wants to meet my sister [7F] that I take care of, but I'm unsure about whether or not its a good idea."
I [26/M] snooped through my slow sister's [28/F] phone and found out she auditioned at a strip club last night. Now what?
"[25/m] My SO (24/f) recently informed me that she has lost almost all interest in sex, and has been sorta faking it for a few months."
"My [21/f] birth control made me emotional and my boyfriend broke up with me, and now I want him back [20/m]"
"I (F, 25) moved continents to live with my ex (M,26) and he dumped me recently and is now with another girl few days after breaking up. He said he did not cheat on me and he is doing this for the both of us."
Ex boyfriends father [40sM] cheated on his mother [40sF] and caused us to completely fall apart. I don't even feel like I know who he is anymore.
Update:My brother[17M] was raped by 3 women and I [22M] didn't believe him until he was tested.He said he was fine and I believe him until I found out he is in the hospital with self inflicted wounds
Wife [22F] wants a dog. Husband [23M] is very allergic. Need some help!
"I [21/m] slept with my straight best friend [23/m], and he felt it was sexual assault."
"I'm [M] having a hard time convincing my girlfriend to follow the philosophy of ""us vs problem"" as opposed to ""you vs me""."
"The guy [34m] that I [22f] recently started seeing, accused me of stealing from his roommate when we were only seeing each other for a week. I didn't. Now I don't know what to do."
My [28/m] girlfriend [24/f] of 5 years social media dumped me and then ghosted me while traveling overseas
My boyfriend cheated on me with a guy
A coworker [25F] misinterpreted and thinks I [24M] have feelings for her.
"Girl I like is all over me one day and ignores me the next, very confused because of these mixed messages and need advice."
[27/f] My friend is getting married. Her sister [25/f] is planning the Bachelorette party and I am having some issues with her budget.
My brother[17M] was raped by 3 women and I[22M]didn't believe him until he was tested.He said he was fine and I believed him until I found out he is in the hospital for self inflicted wounds
Do I tell my golf buddy that his daughter is a stripper?
"boyfriend wants to take a bath with me or bathe me in a tub, i find that uncomfortable. help!"
Is my boyfriend(27/M)'s sister in law (30/F) is acting inappropriate with him?
"Me and my GF, both 20 years old, can't french kiss"
My bf (23m) moved out of my (23f) house because I got raped. He now says he's sorry. To dump or not to dump?
(27/m) my girlfriend (31/f) lied about where she was going
My gf[F20] is only letting me [M20]do stuff when she says it's okay
Might finally have opportunity at dream job... but it means I might have to leave GF and dog behind...
GF keeps accusing me of jerking off all the time right beside her...and I'm not
[advice] Wife Admitted to Cheating
"[43F] Just found out I was ""the other woman"" when I thought he [43M] was single. Do I let her know?"
(23/m) with Partner Who Wants to Do Gender Therapy
Nice girls finish last in friendships
(24F) Au pair wondering if 11yo's crush on an adult is getting out of hand?
Home alone and my boyfriend is gone for hours unexpectedly����
Is it normal to be jealous of my boyfriend's past girlfriends?
Girlfriend found underwear that wasn't hers and I have no idea where they came from
"(30/m) An old friend (29/F) wants to hook up, she's married still but recently separated. It's been a while for me and she's gorgeous. Do I do it or skip out?"
I [26F] looked at my fiancé's [34M] messages on Facebook messenger
My gf [F/21] strips in front of the bedroom window with full knowledge that she can be seen by the football pitch across the street. I'm a male [m/21]
"14/f, my partner is 16/m pressures me to things (not just sex)"
My girlfriend is hiding something from me
"[35/m] Need to discourage [52/f] MiL from visiting my [32/f] wife, so she doesn't get served divorce papers at our house, or ask to live here afterwards."
I (29F) have a problem with the way my husband (24M) acts and dresses
My [24/M] ex-girlfriend [24/F] has found someone new. I had no idea I would (or could) feel so miserable. I'm clueless as to what to do.
28/m is thinking about leaving 24/f because she is lazy. Need advice
My boyfriend [37/m] thinks my [31/f] notifying the hotel that it is my boss' birthday so they can send an amenity is inappropriate
The girl at Starbucks
"I (29M) feel like I think of breaking up with my GF (21F) of 2 years, everyday, if not several times per day."
Please help: I'm [27/f] who is breaking my [29/m] boyfriend's heart
If we [28M/27F] move in together Ill be paying the majority of the bills
My husband refuses to ejaculate inside me...
"Please help, I don’t know if I should be worried"
Boyfriend won't stop calling me by my childhood nickname- How to make it stop
"My boyfriend (25) keeps pressuring me (27) to admit that if his otherwise normal penis is perfect for me or is it not. It isn't 100% perfect but it doesn't matter to me! Should I ""lie"" or tell the so called ""truth""?"
"My [31 F] boyfriend [35M] is cheating, not sure how to confront him"
"Gf 21(F)is studying abroad, partying a lot and little communication"
My [28/M] boyfriend wants me [25/F] to wear lingerie for him but I don't have the confidence.
My girlfriend is unproductive and it’s starting to bother me?
"my ex bf (32M) who is/was the love of my life dumped me, but just came crawling back to me (27F) saying he hates his new life/wife. what should I do?"
"I am in an abusive relationship and have been for almost 6 years, I know I need to get out but I'm not sure where to go or what to do (21/f) (28/m)"
Is it cute or creepy if I (24F) bring over some soup and emergen-c for my sick date (24M)
Fiancé female best friend
"I [23/f] have been talking to my brother [21/m] tonight, he wants to die. What can I do to convince him otherwise?"
[29/m] My wife [30/f] signed up for Credit card and charged cosmetic surgery behind back what can we do?
"I (34F) am being asked to take in my (53M) dad, as he's become too much for my (26M) brother."
My S/O sat and watched as his roommate screamed at me and told me to leave the apartment! Was I wrong for ending it?
Should i [18/f] have a relationship with my father [m/41]who raped and abused me as a child because he has no memory of it?
I (20f) have been seeing my partner (20m) for now 5 years and I love him. But I feel like I'm missing out on so much more and that a part of me wants to break it off to experience that. But I feel like that would be the dumbest mistake of my life.
Gf just said we needed a break...
Is it too sensitive of me [33M] to be sad over my girlfriend of 3 years [33F] photoshoping me out of our photo?
I'm [23/m] embarrassed by gf's [23/f] occasional attention-seeking stunt and don't know how to address it
Am I a whore? Still curious...
She wants a threesome.
"BF's [32/M] ex wants me [26/F] out of his life, what should I do?"
"Boyfriend wants to call my dog his dog, but doesn’t want the responsibilities that come with having a dog"
UPDATE: Meeting with my [23F] ex-boyfriend [23M] this week before he moves away. Not sure how to approach this.
How do you learn to trust your significant other despite a history of being cheated on?
Partner of 5 months (F18) will not have sex with me (M18) until marriage because of her religion.
Am I [30M] sabotaging myself by not putting limits on my wife [25F]?
I'm(38/m) stuck in a marriage with my (38/f) wife. I need out to get better.
My boyfriend (24M) lied to me and I (24F) don't know how to respond
My Best Friend is Dating My Ex
My bf masturbates to pictures of his female friends. Help.
I was catfished for an entire year by my best friend!
I [28/m]have to live with my parents for a while due to overwhelming legal fees (custody case) and my mom is really stepping on my toes when it comes to parenting my daughter [5/f]. Need help dealing with mom being overbearing.
My longtime girlfriend just cheated on me.
[UPDATE] Barista asked me on a date
Barista asked me on a date
"SO (26F) of 9 years wants to get engaged. I (28M) do not, but I'm committed long term."
How do you like marriage?
My Boyfriend seems too emotionally invested in helping his friend recover from her break up
Should I [23/f] contact my ex [27/m] about pregnancy if we broke up/he made it clear he didn't want kids?
I'm (25/f) broke up with my boyfriend because he was depressed and needy (25/m). Now he is stating he isn't anymore?
My [18/M] girlfriend [17/F] broke up with me yesterday
Bf [29M] and I [24F] work together and co-worker is hitting on me
I feel resentment towards my long term boyfriend for planning to build a house next to his parent house without first consulting me - Am I wrong to be annoyed?
UPDATE: GF (24) fell asleep in her guy friends bed. Not sure if I'm thinking too much of it.
Update: Wife of 10+ year and paranoia
I've (47m) been constantly accused of cheating on my (38f) gf since day one.
UPDATE: F [22] M [26] Beautiful blonde in my boyfriends phone.
My husband (40M) wants me (25F) to pay his debt to the IRS for taking out his IRA before we met. Do I pay it for him?
I(42) found out Saturday my wife(36) of 16 years has been hiding whip it usage for the last 10 months.
My (21F) boyfriends (21M) friend/roommate (26M) is inlove with me and has touched me.
I (f/34) got thrown under the bus by co-worker (f/20)
Guys I don't think I'll ever find anybody because I am too deformed:( need advice because suicidal.
"Me[25/F] having issues with friend [23/F]. When we eat together at her place, she never pays for anything...I don't know if I have the right to feel upset"
"I [50s/M] have been contacted by my ""step"" child (25F) after 18 years of no contact. Don't know what to do."
"[20 F] My friend [19 M] is about to propose to a girl[F 18] that he's only known for three weeks, how can I make him aware of the potential flaws in that?"
Found my boyfriends porn folder with pictures of my friends.
Once in a lifetime love story turned nightmare. (28M) and (26F).
my (29/f) fiance (28/m) won't stand up to his mom and gets mad at me for standing my ground
"My ""Alpha"" SO [34f] is destroying our family and cannot get a clue. I am [36m]."
"Wife cheated, asked for divorce, slept with 5 men (separately), and really wants to work on it now."
[30/F] My boyfriend just left me because I complained about him behind his back
"I (51/M) found out my wife(49/F) cheated on me, with another man. Other man is currently married. Should I inform the wife that her husband is cheating on her?"
"My girlfriend won't defend me, what should I do?"
Is a plasma donation center a good place to ask someone out?
My husband won't have sex with me
"[34/f] My boyfriend's [30/m] friends tagged along on our whole trip. I'm feeling resentful, but should I?"
My SO (31/M) doesn't want to live with me (30/F); is this potentially a red flag?
I am male 33. I have had sex only with two women. My wife wants an open marriage one day
My gf [21/f] wants to become a 'shot girl'
"I'm [37/M], married to depressed BPD [31/F], and I'm reaching my wits end. I want out, but want some opinions. Thanks for reading."
I just found a meth pipe and meth in my parents room
My (25 m) girlfriend (25 f) of 2 yrs has a sex tape that keeps popping up online.
"Girlfriend [26/F] seems to have fallen in love with me rather quickly, and I [25/M] just like her. This is my first relationship. Is this normal?"
I [37/m] just found out my wife [32/f] was planning on cheating.
[21/m] Can't get hard with girlfriend [22/f] in bed.
My [30 M] now ex-fiancée [32 F] cheated on me last night and I don't know what to do. How can I forgive her/work with her for the sake of co-parenting my son?
"My SO gives me the silent treatment if I bring up an issue in our relationship, I end up apologising and it never gets resolved."
I (26/F) HATE my boyfriend’s (27/M) close friend.
{32/f} should you go out on a date with someone that isn't usually your type?!
My girlfriend is NOT smart.. Any ideas??
My sister (32F) tried to OD and my whole family blame me (26F) for it.
How to help a stubborn friend understand that self love/stability will lead to finding a partner?
my [24f] friend/coworker [22f] copies everything i do
"Marriage breaking down, she's kicking me out of the house and 1 year old caught in the middle"
My girlfriend [21/f] asked me [21/m] if I wanted an open relationship. Am I selfish for not wanting one?
I (20F) gave relationship advice to my best friend (20M) regarding his abusive marriage. Now I think he's in love with me.
Wife [31F] of 7 years told me she has feelings for another man and is torn on what to do I'm [31M] devastated.
Boyfriend has lost me a large sum of money - incredibly hurt and annoyed
45 year old man walks in on 19 year old girl masturbating. Help.
"[29/m] My ex-Best friend [35/m] is getting married [24/f], cheated and lots of drug use and drinking without telling her, wondering if i should tell her."
[25M] Girl I'm dating [23F] made comment about uncircumcised guys...
My boyfriend just admitted to me that the reason he doesn't give 110% into our relationship is because he feels I do not deserve it.
I[M/22] am tired of getting abused and arguing with my SO[F/21]
I think my fwb is developing feelings for me?
[F/26] What can I do about my family trying to sabotage my relationship with my boyfriend?
my ex [27/f] flipped out when i [31/m] asked for my cats back???
I [19F] can no longer trust anyone after my brief r/s with [24M] 'good boy'
Girlfriend [19/F] lied about identity of a male friend and I [M/20] am worried about their friendship and our relationship.
[38/m] married to (43/f) porn is his passion... our bedroom is dead. What do I do?
"My (21/F) boyfriend (21/M) says that I'm not his best friend, but another girl in our friend group is."
My wife is no longer happy and I am lost
PSA: STOP asking your partner for their number of previous sexual partners.
How do you cope when you're dumped for another woman by your long term boyfriend?
How to deal with racism and topics of racism with a partner who thinks your race is the enemy?
I don't know if my 18 month old son is really my son.
Girlfriends family/parents all disapprove because I’m not rich
Wife..almost on the way to cheat but I caught her. what do I do now?
I'm (23/F) and my husband (26/M) has become more sexually aggressive and blames me. I don't know what to do.
Awkward situation? Is it alright that I (23F) asked my husbands friends (28-34) to pay me back for an event that I prepaid for them for my husbands birthday?
[24/m] Worried friend. Why won't she leave my side?
My girlfriend [F 28] doesn't want me to bring up the subject of our declining sex life. How can I [M 26] do so in a sensitive and supportive way?
(18/m) My girlfriend (18/f) is exhausting me. We're going to different Universities. Should I end it now?
"I [27/M] love my girlfriend [26/F] and happy in the relationship, but getting these thoughts of breaking up with her."
I [F/30] feel like my husband [M/40] criticizes everything I do
"My girlfriend (24, F) of almost 4 years and I (23, M) just talked about gearing our relationship towards marriage. I don't want to marry her."
My boyfriend (30) of 2 1/2 years left a popsicle in my bed.
My boyfriend and I barely have sex.
"My husband is a Trump activist, I am not."
My [23 f] boyfriend's [24 m] coworker has a serious crush on him and it makes me uncomfortable.
"My [m/39] wife [f/42] investigates sex crimes, and isn't into me anymore"
Girlfriend just randomly went out and got a tongue piercing. I think it's trashy and a giant turn off.
UPDATE - I dated the same guy for 3 years and now I have an sti
[24/f] My Mother [51/f] is 7 weeks pregnant but isn't fit to have another child
"The more a woman likes me, the less appealing I find her. Any theories?"
What the fuck is wrong with me?
How do you start over after heartbreak?
My father cheated on my mom
Girlfriend angry i'm going away for a week with my family without her
My wife's ex-boyfriend raped her 15 years ago. He's a hero fighting for a good cause and he'll be speaking this week to the students at the school where I teach. During the Q&amp;A can I ask how he feels about rape?
[21M] love my GF[21F] but everything around her is toxic
"Wife wants to ""co-parent"" and not be in a relationship anymore. She's a SAHM, 2 kids, and I work 60+ hours a week."
My (F/21) boyfriend (M/22) has a new roommate... a female roommate
[M26] Romantically interested in new girl[22f] and out of nowhere she calls me her best friend. How to break away ?
"My (20F) boyfriend (29M) told me to cut myself, I feel so sick."
Wife wants to quit full time job and get 2 part time jobs to follow dream.
"UPDATE 35F still being cyberstalked by 41F. Police are involved, nothing much they can do."
I (21/f] don't know how to be okay with my boyfriend [22/m] hanging round with the girl he cheated on me with.
I just found out my gf(24F) is probably cheating. I(26M) feel physically ill. I don't know what to do.
Marriage on the brink of destruction. Deep resentments. Anger. Disappointment.
"Me (22F) had a fight with my (21M) boyfriend, then he just left all his stuff behind and said he would go commit suicide"
My (30F) boyfriend (30M) just got fired for sexual harassment. He says the reason is BS. Should I believe his story?
I [23/m] have noticed that my girlfriend [20/f] only contacts me anymore to bitch about her life. This means she's unhappy with me and I should let her go. Right?
My [23F] boyfriend [23M] says I'm overreacting about dropped phone calls. I think this indicates a deeper issue.
Fallen for our 3some..
My boyfriend likes every single one of his ex's instagram posts and none of mine
I [28/f] am broke and feel intimidated by my SO [30/m] who's doing really well.
I (26/F) was told my boyfriend (31/M) of 5 years cheated on me.
I'm [34/m] am tired of wondering if my wife [33/f] is cheating again. Am I the crazy one?
Last month before I (18/f) leave for college. Should I tell him (18/m) the truth?
"[FINAL UPDATE] How can I (30F) talk to my over dramatic coworker (50+, F) about an issue our customers are having after another coworker informing her of the issue enraged her to a ridiculous extent? We're alone together on a work trip and I don't want to damage our relationship!"
My [24/f] boyfriend [25/m] lost his only sibling [23/m] earlier this year. His mom [49/f] has been pressuring the issue of marriage and kids too much for my liking ever since.
Is it common for SOs to consciously try to stop their partner from making progress in life?
Husband has a secret bank account.
[19/m] dating a [19/m] I'm dating someone who is manipulating me whenever things don't go his way.
How to address chores between my partner and me with time and income disparities
Ex GF lied about being raped
How to tell my (F48) wife that I (M50) need more attention?
I [29/F] broke up with bf [25/M] and asked him to leave. He wants to stay in my house.
My (30/F) best friend (29/F) is suicidal and I can't handle it.
"My BF always asks me for nudes, but then.."
[28/F] I think I have a problem with codependency
Mom finds social media page of ex-wife of potential boyfriend
My (24M) girlfriend of 5 years' (24F) insecurity over not having enough friends is hurting how I feel toward her
Wife in Vegas
"My husband doesn't hear an alarm clock, I'm losing sleep."
My fiancé is constantly nagging even though I'm trying really hard to please him. There is no end of it and I'm really tired of it so I'm thinking of breaking the engagement.
"Friend [F/23] said she needed space, but instead of sticking with that she desperately keeps asking for my [M/24] attention."
"Fiance Died[31/m], Jealous ""Friend"" [26/f] Being Spiteful towards me[33/f]..."
My (23/f) boyfriend's (21/m) father (52/m) makes me wildly uncomfortable.
"I have [28M] lived with my GF [27F] for 3 years. Is it unfair to want to implement a ""no screens in the bedroom"" rule for our shared bedroom?"
"[23/m] My girlfriend [21/f] going on vacation with male friend, bothers me.."
He [23/m] broke up with me [24/f] but he's still acting like we are together. What is going on?
[25F] My boyfriend [33M] is an internet flamer. I think I can't stand it anymore.
"[35M] just discovered my [34F] spouse hid over $100,000 of defaulted student loan debt!"
Girlfriend broke up with me 1 week before I am due to have a major brain surgery. I am not sure what to do.
My friend [20/m] has a secret crush on me[19/f] and now that I'm single and I like him back he is acting weird.
"My bf (27) lost his virginity to me 5 years ago, but now wants to know what it's like to be with another woman."
My boyfriend of two years [25] hates that I [24] wear makeup. It's really bothering me.
"I [30f] can't invite my boyfriend [33m] over, and it's probably going to kill our relationship."
My wife cheated on me during our engagement??
[28/m] I received a text yesterday from an unknown email address saying that my Fiancee [28/f] is cheating on me. What to do?
My mom might disown me
My girlfriend is not supportive at all when it comes to my goals inside the gym
[UPDATE] My younger sister (F18) flirts with my (F22) boyfriend (M21)? I think she is crossing boundaries.
"Waiter flirted with girlfriend and gave her number, I found out she's been texting him."
"My[36/f] husbands [35/m] mom, my MIL [55/f], ended up homeless today and showed up on the doorstep."
"My husband has sex with me while I am asleep, and purposely gets me drunk so he can have sex with me while I am passed out."
"[42/f] My new husband [45/m] kisses my ass, constantly."
[25/m] starting to think my girlfriend (23/f) cheated on me a few months ago. What do I do?
[26/f]: Boyfriend (26/m) Is Putting Down My Life Goals/Thinks He Knows What I Want
I (23/M) found a video of GF (22/F)- how to approach?
[UPDATE] Awkward situation reminded my cousin [34 F] that people expected her husband [31 M] and I [31 F] to end up together and now everyone's upset
I [26/m] am still in love in my ex [26/f]
I'm [29/f] Buddhist and my boyfriend [30/f] who is a fundamentalist Christian says he can be with me only if i accept his religious beliefs.
My sons girlfriend is cheatig on him??
Spouse removing condom during sex
Should I(28F) be afraid of my boyfriend(29M)?
[38M] dealing with what is basically a dead bedroom while my [43F] spouse seems to have a secret sexual life - what can I do?
My(29M)wife(26F) is spending time with another man(28).
"A girl I started dating expects me to pay for everything, including her best friend when we are out together. How can I let her know that I'm not OK with this without hurting her feelings?"
"[20m] still miss my ex [20f] months after the breakup, things haven't gotten any better."
My mom is has rage issues and causes a lot of stress on my family. What should we do?
My(f21) husband(m25) emotionally cheated and I don't know how to end our relationship
BF [36] went to common friends' party everyone hid from me [35]
[40/m] Obligatory Birthday Sex with [41/f]
My [25/f] BF [26/m] left his FB account open on my computer and I saw that he talks a lot of shit about me
"I [25/f] Just found out my best friend [23/f] has been lying to me since we met, covered up huge secret with lies"
(21/M) My girlfriend (21/F) broke up with me after 5 years. SOS I need help.
Keeping a broken leg in the bedroom NSFW
My Boyfriend (24) constantly jacks off and it's leaving me (f21) in the dark
GF (30/f) messages guy she had sex with 10 years ago about meeting for drink... Should I(32/m) be concerned about this?
"My boyfriends ""jokes"" scare me."
GF who has a gay bestfriend.
"BF recently said he'd cheat on me if I ""got crazy."""
I (28/F) am losing my sex drive due to my boyfriend's (33/M) particular sexual focus. NSFW
I ( F12 ) am worried that my mother ( F28 ) is either going to leave or screw up Her relationship with her husband ( M26 )my stepfather.
My girlfriend (22) needs help convincing her very stubborn Chinese parents to seek medical assistance for increasingly alarming symptoms.
Update: [24m] My wife [25] hid STD from me and I have tested positive...
25/f jealous over 28/m best friend who's a girl- How can I tell myself not to be?
Boyfriend has left me in the worst possible place
Fiancé posted my nudes online
My wife(24/F) told me(23/M) that she wants a divorce. We've been married 5 years and together for 8.
[22/f] Having sex with my boyfriend [21/m] hurts me!
"Anytime I turn down sex, husband requires a hand job instead."
Should I tell my family this happened?
Family unable to cope with me leaving
My (26 F) phone glitched out and sent the guy (24 M) I'm seeing 50 texts last night and he thinks it was me
One of my [29/m] girlfriend's [24/f] closest guy friends tried to kiss her.
Sex troubles with my boyfriend...
"Girlfriend dropped some news on me, not sure how to take it"
[33/f] who would like her boyfriends to stop forcing sex.
How bad is to dump someone on their birthday?
My wife wants to work things out 4 days before divorce is final this week plus big catch and I'm also seeing someone now what to do ?
"When my boyfriend [28m] and I [26F] argue, he tends to get super angry and say really awful things. We have been together for almost 3 years."
My wife and I on the rocks...
My [33/f] 31 year old boyfriend would ideally spend his days drinking alcohol and playing video games. Sex also stops when he cums. Can he change?
Anyone else that gets too attached to someone really fast?
[24/m] My boyfriend [21/m] confessed to me that he almost sexted someone. Am I wrong to forgive and think we can get past this?
"I left my boyfriend of three years, my career, my apartment, and what felt like my soul"
boyfriend took naked pics of his best friend's wife
I am [26 M] my girl is [25 F]. How do I keep her from being stolen by my friend?
"I [27/m] support a family of 4 by myself, but I'm made to feel guilty any time I take any time for myself."
"Me [25F], feeling trapped in relationship w/ husband [31M]. Feeling lost."
"[30/M] Only ever been in one long relationship (13 years) with GF [30/F], feel like I will regret both staying/splitting. How do I decide?"
"(30/F) I'm dating a guy that is perfect in almost anything, but he has bad breath"
Husband (26 M) got a new job that I (25 F) don't agree with. How should I move forward?
[22/f] My boyfriend [23/m] does not let me study and acts very immature whenever I try to stand up for myself + more.
Been Secretly Filmed Naked...
update to previous post My wife had a one nite stand on a cruise while we were dating.
I (26F) am completely at a loss with (30M) boyfriend of 6 years. He has a shopping addiction and we fight constantly. But wait there's more!!
(M)20 just need somebody to talk to. Could not care less what gender. Just somebody please right now
My sister is pregnant and being cheated on
Why does my boyfriend want to stay with me?
[UPDATE] My(28M) girlfriend(26F) made an unsettling remark that set me off.
I [32/M] have a silly crush on my neighbor [30's / F] - Is it ok to test the waters?
Wife (28F) of 9 years is developing uncomfortably close friendship with her boss (50M)
Update on is he being abusive or am I too sensitive?
(23M)My girlfriend (21) and the mall guy
Should I [19f] break up with my gf [19f] over intimacy issues?
How to overcome men who often think they are right/better than you? (22F) and (28M)
Gut tells me something is OFF
Thanks.
"My parents bought me [19] and my sister [21] a car for very little money from a relative. The insurance will be payed by us, but they want to be able to drive it whenever they want. Does this make sense?"
"TIFU; I ""humiliated"" my wife..."
husband doesnt understand why im not buying him video games
(NSFW) I am 28/m and I saw a girl that looks a lot like my girlfriend on porn. Should I ask her about it? How?
My [23m] girlfriend [20f] is planning on living with my male friend and co-worker [20m]. Am I wrong for being uncomfortable with this?
Is it smart to date someone who previously rejected you??
[20/F] Should I lie about my virginity?
PLEASE HELP ABUSIVE GF
I [26/f] am fed up living with my boyfriend [33/m] who doesn't pay rent but I cannot get him to move out!
My bf posted pictures of me without consent
my GF [33F] has been asked to go away for a weekend with her boss
"Ex [31/f] cheated on and dumped me [30/m] last November. I've been NC but she's trying to contact me, what should I do? Also how do I start moving on? I feel like I've gotten nowhere"
My [25m] girlfriend [24f] of three years just dumped me after getting help for her mental issues. I'm so lost on where to go.
[17/m] I told my girlfriend I was going to surprise her tonight to make up for an argument but I don't have a suprise
I 32M need advice with 38F who rejected me but still gets jealous when I talk to other women
Wife [38F] invited her friends to our family vacation + anniversary. What do I [38M] do?
I am 30/m should I leave pregnant gf 33/f as she has betrayed my trust?
[27/m] Got cheated on by girlfriend/fiance of over 10 years.
How do I [24F] move on from a cheating partner?
My [29f] boyfriend [29m] of one year told me that he's unsure of marrying me because he might cheat on me and I don't deserve that.
I [27f] just found a hidden Instagram account of my husband [27m].
I recently got married and found out my husband gives 10% of his salary to his church.
Can I break up over this?
I (28m) made the mistake of using my fiancée of 10 years' (28f) laptop and saw things I should not have.
My (17M) best friend is leaving for the marines bootcamp today and Im sad (M16)
Girlfriend moving in with a guy who has been trying to date her for the entire year?
SO has a cold and I left to go on a ski trip. Now she won't talk to me.
"I (18/f) recently realized there are toxic people in my life, and I can't cut them out because they're my parents."
I'm [35/M] not sure how to respond to estranged friend's wife [30/F] request to donate to her fundraiser to raise money to buy new furniture.
Dating someone with cerebral palsy
my bf has a very embarrassing problem
New girlfriend (25/F) who lives like a slob
"I'm (23f) that went to a party, had lots of fun, met new people, but fell asleep. Should I text him and apologize or not?"
I (22/f) am worried my boyfriend (27/m) enjoys watching porn more than having sex with me.
Do relationship breaks work?
"my boyfriend's dog attacked me, not sure what to do now..."
"My boyfriend thinks everything I [16F] do is ""suspicious"""
I 20F have grown up with a divorced parents and have never seen a healthy relationship. Can anyone relate?
"I [21/F] don’t think I’m in love with him [22/M] anymore mainly due to his work ethic. But, what if the grass isn’t greener?"
Me [30/f] is losing interest in Bridezilla Best Friend of 15 years [who is also 30/f] Need Advice!
Girlfriend (24) messaging 2 male friends...
I [18/M] am worried that my girlfriend [20/F] is becoming attached to a guy she's spending copious amounts of time with.
My (32/m) wife (28/f) wants her dad to be our tax accountant...
I make way more money than my boyfriend (29M) and it’s becoming an issue and making me (27F) broke.
I(f27) can't get a long with my husband (m27) anymore
"He (30/m) called me (30/f) crying and begging, saying he'd do anything to fix this. He said we haven't tried hard enough to fix this. I think it's too broken"
"23 [M]. Ex girlfriend [22 F] of 8 months broke up with me 2 weeks ago. She just texted me, and I don't know what to think."
I'm[31/F] shatter and lost from husband[32/M]
I [21M] just caught my gf [20F] texting topless photos of herself to friends
My [35/F] SIL [36/F] is allegedly being abused by her husband. She doesn't know that I or my husband [39/M] know. How do I help her?
My [19/M] Girlfriend [19/F] has a phone tracker app that her Mom [40s/F] forces her to use and it makes our relationship very limited
A guy I just started seeing[22/m] and I [21/f] wound up having sex last night. It turned out he was a virgin. Advice on how to not screw this up? I really like him.
Stopped talking to a guy a couple of months ago who has serious revenge/anger issues. I think he went around signing me up for sex sites...
I’m in a relationship and it feels to good to be true...
I'm[33/m] having real trouble dealing with my girlfriends [34/f] previous sexual history. I need a fresh perspective to help me move past it.
My [19/F] yr old daughter is very sadistic. I'm disabled and tired of her abusing.
My [19/f] stepdad [47/m] is already dating someone new only two months after my mom passed.
"[Super Awesome Update] Sat down on my friend's MacBook and broke it, offered to pay her the money for it but now she wants more because ""she was upgrading anyway"" so it's this or she will sue me in small claims court."
[Update] [MN] School is accusing me of cheating with no evidence. I'm now suspended and they want access to my social media and email to prove my innocence.
Little sister (16) needs an abortion. Texas wants parental consent which we can't get. Can I take her to New Mexico? (UPDATE: it's done)
Update - My brother went missing 6 years ago. Police came yesterday to ask if we have seen him lately but didn't say why? How do we get more information. Illinois.
[UPDATE] Had a falling out with the girl I love and got served a cease and desist order. What can I legally do? [Michigan] (x-post on r/relationships)
Ex-wife is suing me for child support. I don't even have a penis... (update)
Found cash in my walls. It's mine right? Can I deposit them in the bank &amp; pay back my student loans? (Washington). Update: It is deposited and my student loans are paid back!
[Update] Girlfriend (now ex) is pregnant and wants to give up for adoption. I don't. What are my rights? (Texas)
Update - Dog Ate Neighbor's Drone
(update) HOA insists my sister and I are not a single-family household and one of us should move out. We've lived here all our lives.
Update: Landlord threatening to evict me for having (gay) sex in my apartment. Good news!
Please don't upvote - Should I bother persecuting my car service company for cleaning bills after sex?
[UPDATE] I'm pregnant and being investigated by DCS.
"(update) School wants my son's Facebook password &amp; email, also wants us to hand over any phone or computer that he's had access to in the last year. WTF? [Florida]"
[UPDATE TIME!] - California - Home builder threatening to sue me if I rebuild my burnt down house. The issue has been resolved.
"[UPDATE] This man/kid keeps flying a drone over my house with eggs attached to it that gets released on my property, I have a specific question regarding something I want to do and need to know the legal aspect to it."
"Cousin confessed to falsely accusing my brother of rape. He was arrested, convicted and later committed suicide. I have her recorded confession. What should I do with it? (Arizona)"
[AZ] Discovered a video of my father raping me as a child
"UPDATE: Fiance may die, sister wants half of our house if he passes."
TX - Update on me pulling my gun on a kid dressed as a clown.
[Second Update] I was fraudulently registered to vote. Might get deported. HELP.
Update - PhD student here being accused of plagiarism. Only that it's my own work that I used. Massachusetts.
[UPDATE] Bartender took my (real) ID and Passport and won't give them back!
I was filmed against my consent at a party. (UPDATE)
[NE] HOA towed away my car and built a chainlink fence on my land
"My neighbor wants me to sell my house to his friend at much less than market value. He has threatened to ""scare away"" anyone else I show the house to."
"Update: Fired after baby died Oregon, US"
[Update] [ME / CA] My teenage daughter was sexually assaulted while visiting her father for the summer.
"New York - I've been visited by CPS 8 times, to enquire about a child I don't have. At what point it becomes harassment or stalking?"
[MN] School is accusing me of cheating with no evidence. I'm now suspended and want access to my social media and email to prove my innocence.
UPDATE: I was fired for discussing wages
"[Update] [Virginia] - I caused an accident, lady I hit refuses to take payout from Insurance, thinks I should pay because I need to ""learn my lesson"""
UPDATE [CA] Parents took and sold my car and won’t tell Me who to. What’s the best step to take from now.
I'm 14 and stuck in China with no way of getting home
"[MA] Landlord wants to fine/evict me for having sex with my partner in my apartment. Cites ""illegal activity"". Does he technically have a case?"
[update] Someone mailed my nudes to my family. NH.
Little sister (16) needs an abortion. Texas wants parental consent which we can't get. Can I take her to New Mexico?
Public North Carolina High School. Says my son's hairstyle and color violates school's social norms. (Update: Found a way around it)
"[TX] A friend of mine (25M) suffered from a diabetic seizure at work. One of his (mid 30s F) coworkers took video and pictures of it and posted them over social media saying things like, ""this is why you shouldn't drink and do drugs at work"""
(Texas) Dealership gave repo company my vin instead of the correct one. Wake up and car is gone. My car is paid in full.
Update: Art Cartel
(Washington) I bought my son's friend a hamburger and some hot dogs and his mom is reporting us to CPS for child endangerment.
Update: They're taking my child
Update - Washington State: Neighbor is currently video recording me and has a camera directly pointed at my bedroom window. What can I do?
UPDATE: School took my kid's phone and refused to give it back.
[Update] HOA issue
Big thanks to you all!
TX- Disgruntled ex employee came back to work a week ago and stabbed me. I am being fired because of it.
HOA please help
Update! [California] Neighbour constantly blocking my wheelchair access ramp
I left some volatile gummy bears on the desk now my co-worker wants to sue me
[Update] I [27/M] was raped in San Francisco this summer and didn't report it. I regret that now. I was there as a tourist from Europe. How do I go about reporting it now?
"(New York) Girlfriend is pregnant. I want the baby, she wants to give up for adoption. What does the law say? (Update)"
"North Texas school is threatening to expel my 11 year old son for ""Gun paraphernalia."" Or a Halo shirt for those with brain cells."
Can my dad really hire a bounty hunter to kidnap me from college and take me home? (MS/TN)
[UPDATE][New York] My lawyer and I composed the letter to get the mother of the girl who caused my accident to stop contacting me
Killed my neighbor's dog [UPDATE]
"2nd Update for ""My teenage son is being sexually groomed"""
"[UPDATE] [Philadelphia PA] Just moved into new house, previous tenant used extra key to rob me. Is landlord responsible?"
[Netherlands] UPDATE + THANK YOU! Boss sexually assaulted me. You guys helped me. Yesterday he was convicted.
I'm highly allergic to peanuts and someone decided it would be funny to put peanut butter on me
[FL][MIAMI][FINAL UPDATE]Being sued for having topless photos of a minor in my bar who claimed to be 21
Update: privacy hating landlord
"I'm 17 and pregnant, want to get an abortion but my parents won't let me and I'm grounded."
"[California] We are a small indie porn company. Former model wants her videos removed, unwilling to buy the copyright. Sends threatening messages. [Update]"
"Neighbor's kid got hurt jumping over my fence. My fence is in good order and so is the grass beneath it, the jump itself is what hurt him. Father is irate. Need specifics on what to do."
"[Update] [Oregon] Neighbor cut down several trees on my property, claiming they were a hazard."
Update: My circumcision went horribly wrong many years ago. Parents received settlement. Now I'm 18 and they're refusing to give me the money. (WA)
"Help me please, I don't want to go to conversion camp"
[Final Update] I was fraudulently registered to vote. Might get deported. HELP.
"[FL] 4 year old son went on play date - $20k TV got broken but kids were unsupervised so don't know if it was my kid or his, owner wants me to pay half. Surely there's a limit on this kind of thing?"
"[CA] [UPDATE] Yesterday I received a DUI. The police claimed I was in the driver seat of the vehicle, and claimed I attempted to run out afterwards. However, I have no recollection of this event."
My mom keeps telling people I'm a lawyer when I'm not. Worried about liability or potential character and fitness issues (CA)
[Texas] School sent a letter that our atheist student club will not be permitted this school year. Invited us to join Christian clubs instead.
HOA insists my sister and I are not a single-family household and one of us should move out. We've lived here all our lives.
[MA] HOA sued to have us join and lost. Now bills us for their legal fees.
[Update] I was fraudulently registered to vote. Might get deported. HELP.
[TX] I am the non-custodial parent of a 3yo whose mom just went to prison and is now living in a drug den. [FINAL UPDATE!]
Daughter helped break window on friends boat. (UPDATE)
"California - My house burnt down, I'm being threatened by the home builder for infringing on their IP because it is being rebuilt."
What is the legal definition of a sandwich?
My Wife of almost 17 years just passed away suddenly at 36. She was the only woman I've ever loved. I have 3 kids and a Nuclear War with Her Family. What should I do?
"My employer put a GPS system in everyone's vehicle that also tracks if the employee brakes ""too hard"" or accelerates ""too quickly"". We are being graded based on these errors using an arbitrary number that the owner has picked. Scores under a 90% is failure. He takes $500 from us when we fail."
[Update 2] [ME / CA] My teenage daughter was sexually assaulted while visiting her father for the summer.
"My employee contract said I would have health insurance, but is now my boss is saying we don't have it because ""we don't need it."" What do I do?"
"Update to ""Can I marry my (potential) step-sister?"""
[UPDATE][NC] Our neighbor told us he'd killed seven people. Roommate is freaking out and wants to move. What are our options here?
[Texas] My obese neighbor called the police and said I didn't help him when he fell on the stairs. Police said I could face punishment if this happens again. Is this true?
"[Nevada] HOA says we're violating ""single family"" clause. We're siblings living together, also not a member of HOA at all. They also want our pool removed &amp; limit us to 2 cars. They have signatures to have us join!"
Teacher terrified kids into donating to a religious establishment. Any grounds to get their money back? (KY)
"[Florida] I found out that my younger sister was sent away to a religious camp for her sexuality by my evangelical parents, who lied and took money from me (I believe) to fund it. I am furious."
"My college requires students to live on campus unless they can commute from a parent's home. A friend was given permission to do so, but his mother died so he ended up renting an apartment. College found out he wasn't living with a parent and sent him a bill for over $8,000."
"[Indiana] Landlord pulls rental agreement when he meets me for the first time, refuses to refund my $100 application fee, I think it’s because I’m black."
Update 3: My neighbor cut my trees! (NH) Resolved.
"[Update] A bit late, but here's my update"
UPDATE: My brother is in prison for something I did. I want to own up and make sure he's released.
I've received a bogus invoice from my Uncle's business because I refused to take his son on a road trip at the last minute to meet a cruise ship.
Update. Stabbed at work and fired for my troubles.
Neighbor lured over my child and administered a drug test
"I was denied a marriage license due to my partner ""technically"" being my step-sibling?"
"My design is altered to Nazi symbolism, and is being commercialized without my permission"
UPDATE: My neighbor cut my trees! (NH)
[UPDATE] College roommate has camera in our room
"CA | Sister’s mom wants to sue me for child support, claiming I play the role of her father."
"(MA) Hospital placed a wire in my arm to track me, without my knowledge or consent. Photo included for proof. I have called multiple law offices but no one is returning my calls. Somebody please, please help me."
My mother made me sign a document shortly after I turned 18. I recently found out she had me sign Power of Attorney without my informed consent. She and my stepdad used POA to take the money from my inheritance and the life insurance benefits from my father's death as collateral for their mortgage.
"Apparently, I'm running an art cartel."
"Getting a divorce, an update to a previous story. (ohio)"
Got home from long trip to new tenants in apartment - MA
Coworker is claiming my dish at a workplace holiday potluck made her sick and caused her miscarriage. Alabama
"[UPDATE] Well, it started as a custody case, but $10k+ later.. and I find out this.[Florida, first update]"
[MI/NC] Bartender took my (real) ID and passport and won't give them back!
I write a pseudonymous blog. Someone posed as me and got a book deal. I've been ordered to hand over my website.
[Update] Crazy sovereign citizen neighbor bought a new baby mountain lion for a pet. Nothing but a chain link fence between us...legal?
"Divorcing, turns out we were never legally married, husband says I don't have rights to our property OR our kids (PA)"
UPDATE: I write a pseudonymous blog. Someone posed as me and got a book deal. I've been ordered to hand over my website.
"[UPDATE] [MI] I sell handmade items on Amazon and Etsy. A website is taking my photos and descriptions and selling them as their own, I am not the only one."
"I'm paid up. I'm a good tenant. Landlord and son packed up my entire apartment while I was gone, took door off hinges. No eviction, no notice."
Neighbor installed road over my property. [Update.]
[UPDATE] Falsely accused of rape by my Mom.
Found cash in my walls. It's mine right? Can I deposit them in the bank &amp; pay back my student loans? (Washington)
"[CA] My ex-boyfriends new girlfriend found old nude photos of me and posted them on her Twitter account, tagged me in them and labeled me a “sl*t”. I️ had no issues or communication with either of them prior to this and it had caused me stress and depression for the last year, is this illegal?"
[KY] A 7 year old threw a rock at my car while driving through my neighborhood
Update: School misappropriating disabled child's funds
[Update] Photographer here. Girl [25F] is harassing me into removing her pictures from the website. I own the pictures &amp; she's not willing to buy them. How to get her to leave me alone?
"[NJ] Employee brought her ""service dog"" to work, and I fired her. Was that a mistake?"
"My girlfriend (now ex), wants to give my baby up for adoption. I want to keep the baby. What are my options?"
"I inherited a large amount of land, having fun in my own forest I discovered a load of marijuana plants"
"[FL] My employer, (hospital), is requiring us to be at work in the event of a hurricane however we have been told that we will only be paid for the first 12 hours of every 24 hours we are here."
[Ohio][UPDATE] HOA president threatening me for following state law
[Update][VA] Question about neighbor's animal excrement
[Ohio] Mom puts something in little brother's sippy cup. Told someone but they said its not abuse. What else can I do?
Husband is missing. Any help is appreciated.
I’ve have had the cops called on me 3x by my downstairs neighbor and I don’t know what to do.
"[CA] Police searched and trashed my house in the middle of the night, detained myself and my roommates and we were never shown a warrant. We were cleared of any wrongdoing. Do we have any recourse?"
(TX) My wife and I are being sued by her attempted murderer's parents for visitation rights
UPDATE: Mom has credit in my name HELP
NYC: Landlord cashed all my rent checks at once.
[Update] Doctor refuses vasectomy without wife's permission. Is this even legal?
Buzzfeed is using photos of me as clickbait for one of their articles without my consent. How do I go about getting them to take down the articles/photos?
UPDATE: (NY) Landlord has erected large political signs in front yard.
(Maine) I found my younger sister has been killing animals in the woods. is this a crime?
[PA] My former nanny is accusing my husband of rape.
"[Florida] [Update] I found out that my younger sister was sent away to a religious camp for her sexuality by my evangelical parents, who lied and took money from me (I believe) to fund it. I am furious."
"(california) Teenage daughter in middle school denied access to bathroom in class, has period accident and is harassed by teacher. What are my legal options?"
"[Update] My parents brought me to the country where I was born (India) but am not a citizen and won't let me go back to the country of my citizenship (USA). I want to run away now, but am wondering about things concerning my passport and citizenship."
[UPDATE] Someone I let couchsurf doesn't want to leave now.
"(Texas) 35yo pregnant woman claims my 15yo son is the father. 1) is this an admission of statutory rape? 2) if true, what are my son's responsibilities towards the child?"
"Washington, started a new job and have to pay for parking. I ride a bicycle to work."
[Oregon] My dad has not been in my life for 14 years. He want's to see if I am a successful applicant for something for one of his kids. He told me I'm legally obligated. Is this true?
Update. Am I liable to pay my son's friend's hospital bill? [Spoiler: no]
[UPDATE] College roommate has camera in our room
"Our apartment complex is buying water from the water company, then selling it back to us via individual meters; but charging us more for it and making a profit which is illegal in my state. I am too scared to do anything for fear of retaliation. What are my rights?"
"School confiscated my sons phone, now won't return it to me."
Dad is divorcing his wife. He says all MY money will be split between them because I'm a minor. Is that true?
Landlord taking pictures while sleeping
[Texas] Employee shot in head with arrow while at job site.
Minor seeking abortion against one parent's wishes in North Dakota. Likelihood of judicial bypass or legal out-of-state travel. [Update]
"Update #2 to ""Dude, where is my car""? Spoiler: I am still sober."
(Update 2:) Legality of horse sacrifice in California
[VA] Roommate has picked the lock to the breaker and is cutting off power to my room in order to get me to bend to his will.
"Written up, threatened to be fired for asking boss not to let his 13 year old son use my work computer"
[update] I have ulcerative colitis and my insurance company keeps denying my medication for it
"TSA denied me from flying back home to Austin, TX from NYC because of my broken ankle. Now stranded in NYC!"
I (21) am being stalked by my TA (30) who is suicidal; he threatened to bring me up on untrue academic dishonesty charges
[update] My exroomate texted me out of the blue stating that because i broke our lease on military orders the complex is trying to charge us $450 and he wants me to pay.
[Update] about Ex selling my things using power of attorney
[UPDATE][PA] What crimes did my wife commit?
"[UPDATE] [Queensland, Australia]. Ex who disappeared five years ago wants all her stuff back. It's all gone."
Feds came to question me about eBay purchases
"[MI] I sell handmade items on Amazon and Etsy. A website is taking my photos and descriptions and selling them as their own, I am not the only one."
[Update]I'm am willingly sheltering my minor sister who is fleeing an arranged marriage proposal.
[Update] My teenage son is being sexually groomed
Boyfriend's mom botched a DNA test on my baby and now their family is threatening to hurt me if I fille charges.
[Update]Landlord suing me over doors I broke down while our 5 story apartment building was on fire.
UPDATE:Co-worker attempted to film female co-worker in restroom at party
CALIFORNIA. My sister spiked my drink with meth.
"[Florida] I am a grieving teen and I lost my entire family in an accident. I asked for help on Reddit and someone offered to come and help me, and I accepted. They begged to live with me and I said ok. They are stealing from me, doing drugs, threatening me, and will not leave my home."
[Update] GF filed for Sex Assault
[ME / CA] My teenage daughter was sexually assaulted while visiting her father for the summer.
Continued: [NE] Sold land around my house to a developer years ago; HOA formed and being forced to join it and liens on my property
My neighbors have stolen my car for the second time in a month. Police did nothing the fist time. What can I do?
Mom was murdered by my brother. I don't know where to start.
I sued Equifax and won. They filed an appeal. What's next?
"Arrested and kept in lockup for 24 hours for possession of prescription medicine, which I had a prescription for."
"Identity being used on Tinder, match contacted my wife"
They're taking my child
Got robbed while working. Forced to pay.
Update on the drunk 19 year old who totalled our car
My teenage son brought a kid home with today. TX
Net Neutrality: All I know is that my gut says maybe
[PA]Neighbor killed my 150 year old trees (ms paint included)
"[tx] my Amazon package was delivered to the neighbors house on accident. I went over to get the package and brought it home, neighbor called the police and threatened to sue me."
(Vermont) How do I go about getting my inheritance from my sisters? Update.
"[Pennsylvania] This is incredibly stupid, but my neighbor keeps calling the police because of leaves from my tree"
My fiance may die. His sister wants half of our house if he passes.
[Update][TN] Property retailer is claiming they own the mineral rights and will be exercising them.
"Older woman made a large donation to our group, turns out she used a stolen card. We can't easily refund the donation. IA."
[Indiana] I'm pregnant and being investigated by DCS.
[UPDATE] Police want to give me back seized drug money. Can I be arrested?
"HOA trying to auction my grandmothers house due to nonpayment only thing is, she bought the house before there was a HOA and was not told about the HOA."
[Update] (CA) Neighbor keeps inviting people to park in my gated drive-way. What happens if I lock the gate and refuse to let neighbor's guests access their cars?
I bought an used car with 120.000km. A year later I visited my trustworthy mechanic and he told me my car had its Kilometre-counter tricked and that judging by the insides it might even have 250.000 or 300.000km. Is there something I can do?
Ohio - Neighbor says I must pay for all lost food during 48+ hour power loss for the entire neighborhood because it was my fault
Update: (New York). My mom had me lie to the police 3 years ago about my step father. He went to prison. How can I make it right?
My mom forced me to sign a contract before I turned 18.
[Update] Neighbor poisoned my dog TN
[VA/FEDs] Not allowed to use the bathroom in the office because I am of the wrong gender
"[Final Update] to ""[NV] Roommate cut my hair without my consent, ended up cutting herself and is threatening to call the police on me."""
TX - Is what I did illegal? On a date with a girl who ordered very expensive stuff against my wishes with her expecting me to pay. I bailed and stiffed her with the check.
"(Update) While defending his sister, my son pushed an older bully knocking out the bully's teeth. Am I liable for medical expenses and pain and suffering?"
[UPDATE] My sister let someone off Craigslist borrow a saddle and they are now trying to sell it.
Don't be a douche to the mod team
"Update: Landlord wont and didn't cash my checks for the past three months! I asked him why and he told me it's none of my business, is he up to something that I'm not aware of?"
"[VA] Wedding catering was an absolute nightmare, is there anything we can do?"
[California] Ex-boyfriend tattooed an x-rated photo of me on his arm. Is this revenge porn?
"[Update] Dog bit home intruder, intruder's mother threatening to sue for medical costs"
My aunt is trying to claim my money and taking me to court
"Girl reaches out to me on dating app, asks for phone number, ends up sending several nudes, asks for one in return. Now parents threatening contacting authorities/company I work for."
Car improperly towed. Huge repair bill. California
[VA] Question about neighbor's animal excrement
[NJ] My neighbor is a real piece of work. I don't even want to get into it. When she leaves for work her parrot screeches me awake so I've been yelling suck my you know what through the walls.
"My friends father, who is an American citizen, was arrested in Abu Dhabi for using his cell phone in security at Abu Dhabi airport. The family has not heard from him since. They are from Plano, TX."
[UPDATE] Signed up for mailing lists against my consent; here's how to stop it. (USA/UK)
[Utah] My wife is dating a registered sex offender and plans to introduce him to my kids and possibly marry him
"(Georgia, US) [Update] Happy Ending: My friend was accused of academic dishonesty based on his perfect answers in grad school exams. Today, the investigation committee dropped all charges and sent him an apology letter."
**Update** Landlord gave other tenants a key to my private bathroom
[TX]I broke a person's rib while giving CPR to a person. They were unresponsive and not breathing. They're threatening a civil suit. Do they have a legitimate suit?
[NC] I was hit by a girl turning left from a stop sign. Campus police cited mutual fault because he claims my headlights weren't on. Can I fight his or do I just give up and pay for my car?
Can my mom make me get plastic surgery?
"Final Update: Terminated, company says I can't sue (NY)"
[OR] My neighbor is asking for compensation after I cut down my apple tree
"Update on creepy landlord with the 2-way mirror, if you're interested"
"[ohio] I work as an event bartender, my employer puts ""20% event gratuity"" on every bill"
"Drone landed on DJ at wedding and he is demanding $200,000"
[Texas] I was told I might be fired for not offering a coworker to view a picture I took.
"[US NY] Someone is trying to ""take over"" my email address and inadvertently gave me access to a lot of money"
"(MD) Bought a house, the owners abandoned all their stuff in it. 20 months later, they're calling me, and they want their stuff back."
[NE] Sold land around my house to a developer years ago; HOA formed and being forced to join it and liens on my property
TX - My ex is trying to sue me because I gave her a moissanite ring instead of a diamond ring.
High school students totally wrecked our house while on vacation. What are our options?
Is there a limit to how many blood tests my boss can make me get? (West Virginia)
[UPDATE] good news about my competitors fiancee trying to set us up!
"[UPDATE] Apartment removed property and changed locks a month before lease was up (GA, USA)"
"My father passed away a decade ago, told me he was leaving a trust to be given to me at 30/35/40. Stepmother said, “That’s not happening anymore.”"
Me and my 2 dogs just fucked up 2 intruders TX
[UPDATE] Judge ordered property to be returned; police still wouldn't comply
[AL] Friend was physically shoved at work by manager and fired the same week she reported it to corporate HR.
"(UT) I am renting a landlocked... Bedroom. ""neighbors"" won't let me out."
[UPDATE] Apartment complex blocked all handicapped-accessible entrances to our building for construction
UPDATE: Need advice. Friend's ex-wife trying to keep children from him. (x-post /r/MensRights)
Oklahoma state. School disbanded our humanist student society for offending religious values. We only quoted the bible.
I [17M] got into a fight with my mother yesterday. This resulted in her transferring 1200$ from my account to her own as “punishment”. HELP!
An old French woman is destroying my life [NY]
Should I call the cops? This is weird...
Downstairs neighbor is on probation. His PO wants to enter my apartment. [NY]
"My boss wants me to go from being ""on call"" 4 hours saturday morning to being ""on call"" all weekend with no compensation. Is this legal?"
My neighbour baited our chickens.
"[FL] Mom let her ex-husband drive my car (I own it, it's under my name and my name only) without my permission and I don't know where he's taking it or how far he's going to drive it. Can I report it as stolen?"
"Dog bit home intruder, intruder's mother threatening to sue for medical costs"
Dog ate my Neighbor's Drone - Am I liable? (IL)
I got summoned for injuring my neighbor's kid who hurt herself on my property [UPDATE]
"House next door is ""abandoned"" and has a ridiculously loud alarm clock going off 24/7. Is there anything I can do?"
Was served a pretzel with lye on it instead of salt. Spent 5 hours in the ER. What can i do?
Hog farm is being built next door to my girlfriend's parent's dream property and future wedding venue
"My girlfriend was raped. The rapist is now trying to tarnish her character on social media, and the cops are moving painfully slow."
My GF got abducted at a bar while I was being physically restrained from stopping it. The bar staff was in on it. The cops wont do anything. I don't know what options I have.
Bought a used pickup truck with a company logo and phone number a couple months ago. Just got a call from the seller saying i needed to remove any company info at my expense.
[CA] Parents took and sold my car and won’t tell Me who to. What’s the best step to take from now.
Hotel charging for eating Burger King in their room [TX]
"Richmond, VA – I caused an accident a year and a half ago. Injured party refusing settlement from my insurance company, she’s demanding that the money come from me so that I can “know the pain she feels.”"
Update: [PA]Is it legal for an employer require a pregnancy test result from a doctor to prove you are not pregnant?
[UPDATE] Mom passed away suddenly and I'm terrified for my siblings. (Happy-ish stuff happening.) [CA]
Pulling a gun on my dog
Update on my post regarding HIPAA violation and social media.
My company certainly isn't the most ethical... but is what they're doing illegal?
"[CA] 3 days without electricity, landlord is ignoring calls because it is a holiday week"
"[TX] Underage nephew used my mother's card to buy $3,000 worth of stuff on Amazon."
"Watched 4 yr old son of a couple on Friday. My wife was with him the entire time as he played with my 3 sons (1, 6, and 7). Received call from CPS today saying their son said we ""gave he and our 6 year old a bath and our 6 year old stuck his finger in his bottom"". Unsure what to do?"
"[Illinois] Hit an off-leash dog with my car, owners demanding I pay a $6,000 animal hospital bill"
"Sued my biological father, awarded a large sum. Attempt to collect or sell the judgement? He ran away to Texas where it appears to be impossible to collect."
"Landlady says we have to be out of our apartment within 2 weeks because of the ""sinful"" relationship we're in. We're 2 months into a 24 month lease. Colorado."
[AL] Contract termination by religious employer because of medical emergency [UPDATE]
[California] My mechanic gave my car to someone for personal use without my permission and put 100 miles on it in 2 days
"Family stalking me, can I legally prevent this?"
American citizen. From CA. Minor. Female. My muslim parents want to send me home to marry. Don't have much time. Is this legal? What are my options?
[Pennsylvania] Husband is divorcing me over sons asthma. He only wants to see our daughter and not our son.
Update: Duped to wire money for a home sale
"Girl in my school went apeshit on Twitter, calling me a rapist for no reason, posting my personal information including address, full name, social media and more, and told people to threaten me and attack me. This happened twice. Am I able to sue?"
"Relative lived in home I owned, died, her daughter wants to either live in it or get money from me. Oklahoma City."
[Ca] vet euthanized my dog and wont disclose why
Jogging topless as a trans woman in TN [UPDATE]
Fired from hotel for refusing to check in a guest making death threats
A lady I don't know dropped her kid off with my Mom and police won't come get the child (CA)
"Landlord changed locks on house before lease move out date, Toolbox stolen. GA"
"School wants my son's Facebook password &amp; email, also wants us to hand over any phone or computer that he's had access to in the last year. WTF? [Florida]"
"Judge ran out of time, rescheduled my court date on the day I am getting married out of the country, said he would change it, then refused to change it."
Update - Consequences of crossing the border at Area 51.
[Germany] I have recently found out my daughter has been looking up illegal Nazi material on the internet and has been chatting with Nazis.
Is it legal for a Massachusetts liquor store to confiscate my real ID and refuse to give it back?
(Urgent) Is it illegal to sit naked on my back porch?
I caught my 16 year old daughter with a 30 year old man. I don't know what to do or how to proceed. (CA)
[Update] we got our repo'd car back today! [TX]
[TX] I am the non-custodial parent of a 3yo whose mom just went to prison and is now living in a drug den. [UPDATE 4]
"[Nevada] Cousin was found shot in her apartment this morning. I have texts about her and her gf fighting the night before, and now her gf is nowhere to be found. Can I give them to the police? If so, how?"
MIL threatening CPS because I breastfeed my (3mo) nephew
"Teacher called my friend a ""loser"" on Facebook and said ""Asians like him have a small penis."" (MA)"
Asperger's son with underage girls
"[UPDATE] [FL] Someone's pretentious Facebook rants have made the front page of several subreddits such as r/iamverysmart and r/justneckbeardthings. His name is censored per subreddit rules, but he found out and is threatening to sue and charge whoever posted them. Does he even have a case?"
"[Texas] I'm a seasonal worker, is it legal for them to tell me to arrive at the facility at 8:30am but not start paying me until 10:00am?"
(Illinois) My aunt died and left me her record collection. I found out some of the records are extremely rare and worth alot of money. Now my relatives are foaming at the mouth trying to get their hands on the records and are threatening to take me to court.
[UPDATE] [OR] Disabled. Guy started following me and imminently threatened to rape me.
"I paid to rent a home from a vacation rental company and the minute I arrived to the home, they cancelled my reservation."
"update: got served for cs, one of the kids is not mine."
"Purchased $30k worth of Apple Devices, now find out they're stolen"
"[N. California] Just found out my driver's license was suspended at the end of May due to ""Excessive BAC"". However, I've never been pulled over, or ever submitted to any sort of BAC test. Where do I even begin to fight this?"
"Girlfriend of 6 months that I met through Tinder turns out to be 15 instead of 20, causing a string of events to unfold that resulted in me losing my career. WA"
[California] At what point the money deposited into my account by mistake will become mine? It's been 5 years.
Manager put water and sugar in my car's gas tank
Child Buried in My Family's Gravesite
[UPDATE] Would love some advice on the theft and attempted destruction of my cat.
(Update) Neighbor may have killed daughter's service dog.
FL. Parents attempting to end my marriage.
[UK] My friend's flat contract says she is not allowed any male guests or relatives on the property for any period of time. Is this legally binding?
"[UPDATE] Towed from parking lot as a paying customer, not sure who to go after in small claims court?"
Falsely accused of rape. University is trying to make me destroy evidence.
"Got Cancer, Army's kicking me out. Do I have legal options?"
"[Update] Falsely accused of stalking someone I haven't contacted for weeks and who I contacted very little before then (and all contact was class or school related). Apparently, now the university and campus police have gotten involved."
[CANADA] I have a lot of money in my bank and do not want my horrible family members to inherit it after my death. What can I do?
"[Queensland, Australia] new apartment manager is saying I ""flashed"" her and made a pass at her, after I reported her going into my apartment unannounced and without permission, does she have ground to get me charged?"
[Update] Dad used Impersonation! ...But nothing happened.
Got a weird email from a couple I sued in small claims...what should I do with it?
(Update) AZ-Girlfriend has told me I'm not allowed in a house we share a lease in.
"Ny: I had repair work done on my beloved electric guitar, but the shop owner gave my guitar away to someone else and reimbursed me with a store credit."
"Well, it started as a custody case, but $10k+ later.. and I find out this.[Florida]"
"[Oregon] Neighbor cut down several trees on my property, claiming they were a ""hazard"". What do I do?"
"Went to court, and the judge was surprised I didn't want to say anything. Did I do something wrong?"
[UPDATED] NYC: Landlord cashed all my rent checks at once.
"UPDATE: Gun was burgled and used to shoot at LE, how do I get it back? [Texas]"
[W. Africa] I'm a US Citizen traveling abroad and I think I met a human trafficker. What should I do?
"My ex-girlfriend was hiding under my bed for the past 30 hours, needing some advice."
My Attorney is charging me for his travel expenses when he didn't tell me he moved.
[NC] Boyfriend's mom threatening to call the cops over my heroin use...I don't use heroin
My lawsuit was dismissed four months ago and my lawyer didn't tell me until now. Is this illegal? (Michigan)
"[VERMONT / MAINE] Some kid stole my sister's phone, which exploded in the child's possession, and now the kid's parent is trying to sue us for injuries"
Did I break the law by kicking him out/refusing to hire him? (Florida)
[KS] Crazy sovereign citizen neighbor bought a new baby mountain lion for a pet. Nothing but a chain link fence between us...legal?
UPDATE #2 (and hopefully the last): I'm the guy with the really horrible neighbor.
[NM] The doctors office I go to has a new policy where we sign to pick up our controlled substance prescriptions. I can see the previous patients info when I sign in and whoever comes after me can see mine. Is this a HIPAA violation?
"Gym owner elected not to purchase a logo I designed for him, but he's using it anyway [PA/NJ]"
(Texas) My step-mother spanks my little brother as punishment and it's psychologically affecting him. [Update]
[UPDATE] [Louisiana] Huge clerical speed error on ticket requires court appearance
"Former employer says I ""forfeited"" my 403(b) by putting in notice. Is this legal? Tennessee"
"My deceased neighbors kids are trying to sell their dead dads house, but people keep driving through my parents driveway and onto our property and through our vineyards"
TX - Roommate took a shotgun to his computer as a search warrant was being issued.
I'm 20 years old who was prescription Klonopin 30 pills. However my mom confiscated it from me and won't give it back. Now I'm having panic attacks.
I guarantee this will be the most bogus charge you will read about today and I need advice immediately!
PhD student here being accused of plagiarism. Only that it's my own work that I used. Massachusetts.
My ex-wife is opening credit cards in my name. (California)
[Update] [CO/FL] Boyfriend's family visiting us with a very-likely neglected infant. Need guidance on how to navigate CPS.
Fainted on +3 hrs idle airplane with no AC
I'm 16 and pregnant and about to give birth in 3 weeks. My mom says she controls who goes into the delivery room. I told her that it's my right to choose who I want in there. Is she right about being able to control who goes in there? (California)
Tow truck driver punched me
"[WA] Major garage chain lost our car keys, car stolen from their lot the following day."
UPDATE: Help! Former landlord demanding for rent that i already paid! He sent me to Collection Agency and ruined my credit!
"My dad was arrested for possession of child porn, most of which features me. I live in the U.S. and he lives in Canada. Will I be required to appear in court? Please help."
"Videographer said in email (before I purchased) that I have ""commercial use"" rights for their footage that I paid for. Now that it's on YouTube and has gotten a million views, they say they want me to (1) take it down and (2) transfer them the profits. Are they in the right?"
[AR] My husband hid notifications from me regarding custody of my daughter from a previous relationship. Now I'm afraid I will lose my joint custody because I never responded to these letters and calls that I never received.
[GA] Was badly assaulted at the haunted house I work at. It's been strongly suggested I file a civil suit but I don't know what to do.
"Dog bit landlord (who was being dumb). Landlord gave notice to vacate, says he's taking medical costs out of deposit. Iowa, USA."
(Massachusetts) Lawyer threatening to sue my wife's cat rescue for not adopting out cats to him.
Rear-ended on purpose by a Juvenile.
"My work just informed me that, for the next 40 days, we're going to mandatory 7 days a week. Is that legal?"
(Florida) AT&amp;T falsely claiming my mom damaged a buried line across town during Hurricane Irma
[UPDATE] Employee out sick with doctor's note following disagreement and threat to quit and sue. Can I still fire her when she returns?
Can I marry my (potential) step-sister?
My father has passed and he willed everything to me. A woman has come forward claiming her three year old is my fathers and she wants to sue the estate for 18 years of child support. (CA)
[Update] 90% positive my sister-in-law (currently living with us) stole my wife’s dog and gave him to her friend.
[Maryland] My mother died last night at 47. I'm 24 and caring for three younger siblings.
"Mom owns a restaurant, began writing bad checks in my dad's name. Now she wants my Pell Grant money to pay it off?"
"Is it legal to make employees give their own money to make a ""pot"" for another employee to win?"
"UPDATE: ""Complete Medical Records"" Boss"
"My dad destoryed my $1500 PC because he found ""heroin"".."
"TX - Update : The, hopefully, final post in this whole drug saga. Shroomburger 2.0"
Police confiscated my item saying it was stolen. I got a copy of the police report and the serial numbers are different. NE.
New landlord hates privacy. Help
My mother was the only one to not get a Christmas bonus at work. The owner said it's bc she's Jewish. The owner is also Jewish (FL)
"NJ My cell phone cannot make 911 calls. My carrier is attempting to troubleshoot and is requesting that I try to call 911 after each attempted fix. Is this okay? And if fixed, do I stay on and explain this to the dispatcher?"
[LA] My deceased brother's girlfriend wants to sue me for child support
[New mexico USA] A suicide hotline notified the police to check me after I finished talking to them. The police showed up and I was involuntarily taken to the hospital in an ambulance. Is the hotline repsonsible for my medical bills?
Landlord Requiring Me to Miss Work to Let a Terminator into My Apartment
"[HAPPY UPDATE][Fl] Landlord is limiting number of parking spaces to 2 per unit, have 3 adults in the apartment. Solution offered was to rent a garage at $100 a month."
"[NY, NY] Interview with a Law Firm led to being billed hours"
"[Florida] My car was hit by an old lady who fled the scene of the accident. Due to the her age, the police asked me to report it as a normal accident, but now her insurance wont pay."
Employer is not scheduling me and won't fire me
Neighbors parking in my empty lot. Signs up and we've asked them to stop.
"Refused to let stranger into my apartment at 2 am, landlord subsequently charging 7k. (TN)"
[WA] Neighbor's son walked into my garage while I was welding and stared at the arc suffering corneal flash burn. Am I liable?
"My phone number, address, and face pic are posted to Craigslist, telling people to come to my home and fuck me. Craigslist does not respond to my reports."
[Florida] HOA's definition of family doesn't involve same sex couples.
5th grade son's nurse and food allergies (AZ)
"[NYC, New York] I lost my laptop in JFK, Lost and Found employee refusing to return it unless I provide password."
"[Update, Alberta] I got detained in a bad stop at a department store - now they want $ from me?"
Ex recently informed me that she believes our court mediated 50/50 split custody is not legally binding and that she is in control of when and how often I can see my child.
"IL - My village want me to put a ""Blue Lives Matter"" sticker on my car."
"Ex-GF &amp; her mom, agreed in writing to repay a personal loan. After default, I sent 5 polite reminders over 2 mos. &amp; notice of default with my intent to file. I received an email threatening injunction &amp; criminal harassment charges if I try to collect. Isn't that blackmail?"
"[OK] I recieved a DUI for being in the passenger seat of a vehicle while holding my keys. It wasn't my car, the keys I was holding were for my car (that was at home)"
My boyfriend persuaded me to have a baby but now refuses to support it.
Roommate euthanized his dog after it bit me. Rescue org is now harassing me.
I'm am willingly sheltering my minor sister who is fleeing an arranged marriage proposal.
"I'm a minor in the US. Can my mother force me to undergo cochlear implant surgery? And if she can, is there anything I can do to fight it?"
[UPDATE] [AR] In need of help with a 'bullying' case.
[PA] What crimes did my wife commit?
[NY] We are in a consensual incestuous relationship. Potential legal problems now and after possible marriage?
(US) Is it legal not to hire someone because he won't work with women for religious reasons?
Landlord forgot to pay water bill again and the water has been shut off for over 24 hours. Is there anything I can do about this?
College roommate has a camera in our bedroom
[UPDATE] [TEXAS] Abusive grandmother took friend's child.
[Update] (NJ) Car Repairs More Expensive than discussed
[TEXAS] Abusive grandmother took friend's child. She is a flight risk. Looking for resources and information.
Boss Threatening To Sue Me
"My neighbour who is flipping the house next door built a fence blocking right of way access at the side of my home. First time homeowners and don't know what to do. Ontario, Canada"
Can our parents in New York forcibly shave your heads? We are 16F and 15M.
"[OH] Professor accidentally sent an email to over 2,000 people in the department that contained personal information about medical problems and coursework. It was then posted all over Reddit by students that didn't remove my name. Do I have any legal rights?"
"Parents took my cat, gave her away, and it seems there are no legal recourses? Help?"
My brother went missing 6 years ago. Police came yesterday to ask if we have seen him lately but didn't say why? How do we get more information. Illinois.
[WA] My dog was abused at a dog kennel while I was out of town.
Ex-Wife used my PayPal account while running an Etsy business. She never paid taxes and now the IRS is coming after me. (x-post personalfinance)
A now-former friend admitted to me that they're in possession of child pornography. What the hell do I do?
Dentist said procedure wasn’t covered by insurance so I paid with my debit card and then found out they charged and were paid by my insurance company. What are my options?
[Update] Finding my long lost siblings; Found!
(FL)Can my daughters public school ban my wife from picking them up and attending plays because she's not their biological mother?
[C.A] [45F] I'm a high school teacher who is going to get fired by my boss for my relationship with a former student [30M] who graduated over 12 years ago.
[PA] Neighbor has been setting off what I would describe as a level lower than fully blown fireworks anywhere from 11 pm to to as early as 5:00 am and on random days (no real pattern) The entire neighborhood is starting to get agigitated. What can I do?
My SO's ex accessed my medical records and is telling people about my surgery [OH]
"I have tourettes and was fired 3 days after my manager asked me to stop a ""tic"". What should I do?"
"(Pennsylvania) UPDATE: Hello fellow Redditors, I'm the guy with the neighbor who won't stop calling the cops."
US citizen cousin (16F) is abroad and under heavy pressure to get married by parents. She asked for my help.
Dallas - Landlord is trying to make up new rules and get me to sign new documents. He wants to control my life.
A woman in another state is trying to convince my 16 year old son to move in with her
A Mormon Bishop is asking personal questions about sex and masturbation of my minor stepchildren while alone with them in a closed room.
[Unsatisfying Update] Daycare gave toddler (18MonthsM) medicine against their own policies. He had a severe reaction and has been hospitalized. (South Carolina)
"[MI] My sister has schizophrenia and I had to commit her to a psychiatric hospital. The officers who picked her up were aware that they were carrying out an emergency mental health petition (signed by the judge), but they ended up charging her with felony resisting and obstructing.(x-post /r/askleo)"
"A local Facebook group is circulating false ""suspect"" photos of my 14 year old cousin."
(Update) Neighbor killed my daughter's service dog.
[CA] I was just fired because of a video and an article that completely fabricated a detail of this incident
"[NJ] The homeless shelter run out of a church a few doors down from me has steadily grown its # of visitors over the last couple years and, in between meals/nights, the homeless individuals waiting in our neighborhood have become an ENORMOUS nuisance in the neighborhood. What can I do?"
"Im 18 i moved out, and my parents are making threats. Can they do these things?"
"(Georgia) I recently moved into a house that is the only one in the neighborhood not a part of the homeowner's association. Now, I'm constantly getting sent fines and being harassed by the president of the HOA. They're threatening to tow my car."
My landlord may have included my personal items in the sale of her property (Michigan)
[AZ] School is trying to deny friend her service dog
"[SC] Uncle passed away. Sheriff's seized property we (remaining family) believe unfairly, and can prove. Any advice on specific laws to challenge or where to begin research?"
Employer tried to make me sign into my personal email on their computer during interview
Father in law died and the funeral home filed my mother in law as the deceased.
My landlord used my car while I was away. I believe she still has the key. What can I do right now? WI
"My dad refused to pay for an invoice that his name was not on. His name was added onto a second invoice, and he is now being sued. I have a couple questions."
"[Philadelphia PA] Just moved into new house, previous tenant used extra key to rob me. Is landlord responsible?"
"[TX] I strongly suspect my 2y/o nephew is being taught by his mother to say things like ""Daddy, don't touch my pee pee"", right before a custody trial."
"My boss has been ordering me to do his kids' take-home work from school, I've expressed that I'm uncomfortable with this but he won't take no for an answer and I can't lose this job[UK]"
"[CA] My dead sister's dead husband's new wife (now widow) is harassing us for the life insurance money of my father, which she has no claim to."
My neighbors donkey killed my horse. Washington State. Do I have any recourse?
"Friend has found children's hair, clothes and a hard drive in a house that doesn't have children."
I was raped in prison. Released last week. How do I go about getting justice? (Update)
My check was stolen from the safe at my job. A coworker's name was on the endorser's line of the cashed check. Do I need to file a police report or does my company?
My wife was killed in an accident and the biological father to my kids wants full custody.
(IL) Mom is getting remarried and says we have no choice but to take her husband's last name and get adopted by him. Do we have a right to say no?
Wife transports a fake baby around and has been stopped by police 3 times now. California.
North Dakota. Can my parents force me to attend a purity ball and wear a purity ring?
School has threatened to stop me from walking at graduation if I report a FERPA violation. [IL]
[wa] selective dress code required of some tenants or eviction??
[Ohio] Company next to my property has scheduled a tree removal on my property without my consent. What are my rights?
"South Dakota cross referenced College Grad Residents with purchasable Student Loan Debt, purchased the debt, and is now suspending Drivers Licenses for people with outstanding Debt. Help please."
"(Phoenix, Arizona) My power was siphoned by a homeless person that my landlord is continuing to allow to live in the parking lot"
TX - Small town cops gave me a ticket for buying cigs for a minor. She's 23.
Found a hidden camera facing our bed in an Airbnb apartment
How Can I Stop My Roommate's Inappropriate Interactions w/My Child??
Harassment is costing me my job-police can't do anything. Please help (Michigan)
Estranged mother took out a loan in my name now the bank is coming after me - Florida
I cleaned up human remains without being told. I'm a carpet cleaner. Can something be done?
"[Update] I paid off my car, but just over a month later my credit score plummeted and the Lender said I owed them $4K"
Engaged but unmarried breakup of a 7 year relationship. Does she have any legal rights to our stuff?
(PA) Is it too late to give my baby up for adoption? (UPDATE)
Restaurant didn't allow me to leave for 5 hours over $3 and broken card machine. False imprisonment? Colorado.
Update. Parents almost allowed a default judgement.
"I need help, ASAP."
"17 quit first job because of an awful boss, now he gave my checks to another employee and says he doesnt need to pay me?"
"Great Uncle passed away at the age of 90. Now the bank says that his investments, &gt;$200k, will be given to the bank rather than his family."
"[Tucson, AZ] My husband accidentally gave me a big bruise on my face. An over-zealous coworker is convinced I’m being abused and talked about contacting police. Assuming he does, how big of a deal would it be and should we do anything preemptively?"
Just found someone sleeping in my car
"(IL, US) Nightclub forced me to stay in a corner and didn't let me see the DJ I paid to see"
[TN] Neighbor drama alert. Neighbor has built onto my fence without asking (after causing much drama when I built mine). My fence is set in a few feet from my property line.
"(Alabama) I had my ex served with a court ordered paternity test, now she's taking it to trial so she can fight submitting to it. What does this mean if she wins and they don't make her do it? I'm trying not miss his infancy, and I dont want her to slap 5 years of backed child support on me either."
I accepted a subpoena on behalf of my father. And now he is angry with me for accepting it. Am I wrong for accepting it? Could I have rejected it? Regardless he would have to eventually go to court correct? We live in Florida btw
(NY) Ex has power of attorney and is trying to sell off everything I own.
Guy unknowingly ingested Marijuana at our party.
I think my realtor was hiding the fact that the house I purchased required a new well and septic by the county
(New Zealand) Would love any advice on the theft and attempted destruction of my cat.
[UPDATE] [BC] Can my landlord do this?
Tenants are revolting against other tenant accused of a crime. -- Part II
[FL] Can my community college force me to get a mental health evaluation to stay enrolled?
"I'm a transgender Soldier in the US Army. What are my options? [NY, USA]"
My kindergartner walked out of an arkansas public school during school hours by himself and was unattended for an hour in the parking lot
Manager changes working hours
[OH] Mom is getting 20+ calls a day because her number was given out to businesses. Person responsible will not respond or stop giving out wrong number.
Murderer being released 2 years earlier than what was agreed upon in the plea bargain.
[Florida]: Parents hired people to kidnap me. My brother ended up pointing a gun at them. What do I need to do to get emancipated?
How to legally get my father off the road? (Ohio)
Texas. A Mentally challenged man keeps stealing my newspapers. Police are doing nothing to stop him.
"My mom sells hand painted jewelry on Etsy, more famous/successful jewelry artist purchased my mom's work and is adding it to one of her pieces to sell"
Do I have to accept a child support check covered in literal shit or otherwise if it is made elaborately hard to get?
"Was sent to the psych ward for a suicide attempt. My high school bully works there as an aid. She told everyone in my small town that I was in the hospital, and why I was there. New York State"
"My cousin t-boned a car yesterday, 3 of 5 people in the other car died. My cousin wasn’t at fault. What should she be doing to make sure she is covered legally?"
Landlord has installed a key box to blindly allow interested parties to access house without supervision. IA
[Update] [NY] GMIL may be in danger - I need some help with local squatter's rights.
[Update] (WI). I have a couple as tenants. The boyfriend is being charged with domestic violence and the girlfriend wants to stay at the property.
"[MD] [UPDATE] Paid for engine work at Dealership. 7 Months of ""service"". Car returned to me within 50 miles, engine seizes. They claim no liability."
"Our dog was stolen from our yard and was taken to a pound and she is currently up for adoption online. Whoever turned her in used our credentials, and now they refuse to give her back to us despite all of our records and evidence that she’s ours."
"My wife's manager routinely corners and physically blocks women in the workplace and has weird episodes of rage. His 'clinical anxiety' apparently protects him from repercussions, but all of the women in the office feel extremely threatened. Can anything be done before this turns horrible?"
"[UPDATE] [Georgia] American Airlines deleted half of my sons round trip in error, still charged me and sold the seat to someone else. Didn't find out until we got to the check-in counter."
[OH] What are my legal options for keeping people off of my property during a public festival?
"Little update- Mom has assaulted me in the past, is now contacting us without permission and poking at my immunocompromised baby"
"IL, My sisters boyfriend passed away last night while my sister was asleep in the next room. When the paramedics and law enforcement arrived they found he had been growing 127 marijuana plants in their bathroom. Now my family and I are terrified she might be charged with the intent to distribute."
Was assaulted by a home owner. I am a door to door sales man.
I got beat up and handcuffed by the police for doing nothing
Doctor posted details of my injury in response to my negative google review. Is this legal?
Doctor Didn't Inform Us That My Wife Had Cancer For 1.5 Years
My father just died. I own the house he lived in. His ex wife is trying to take it. What do I need to prove it's mine? New York. Note: I live overseas.
Car Dealership Lost My Car (Part 2: The Recovery)
"[KS] Employee fired for harassing staff. After termination, I discovered she used the company card for personal expenses, and has been emailing customers saying she is no longer employed with us, and convincing them to cancel orders."
Neighbor building the Winchester Mystery House? Unceasing construction for 6+ years on single family home
This woman comes up to our door regularly to beg for money and now I am fairly certain she stole our mail. What can I do?
[Massachusetts] Boss wants everyone in office to submit an 'updated medical history'... to him
Wedding Catering Nightmare - the saga continues [VA] [UPDATE]
"[IL] Kid touched my hot motorcycle pipe in my apartment parking lot, burned his hand badly, parents demand I pay for the hospital bills"
"found something disgusting and incriminating, don’t know what to do"
[Update] [TX] Landlord fining me $100 for charging car - they towed my car!
Is Olive Garden about to hit me with a neverending bowl of lawsuits? [The Internet]
[CA] Landlord entered my apartment went through my personal belongings
TSA won't allow my brother on a plane from London to USA. He's a US citizen. What can we do?
"My wife received a $200k settlement and her sister forged her name and deposited into her own account. They have a nice house, two brand new cars and her husband makes over $100k a year but she is telling my wife she has spent the money. Can anyone help me with my options."
"Neighbor kids keep coming on my dad's property, which is used for hunting. KY"
House was demolished with my stuff in it
"[Update] just wanted to thank you for giving me some sober, plainly stated advice."
[UPDATE] Child sex offender is absconder but active on Facebook. I'm his victim. What is the best way to report his online activity? [MD]
[CA] My deceased Granny's care home keeps sending bills to me after being told by the executor of her estate not to? Am I on the hook for this? (MS style paint of grandmother for attention)
One 15 year old knocks up another - what are the legal implications for the parents?
"Guy ran into our recycling bin. Brick we were using to keep it shut slid off the bin and onto his hood, damaged it. He wants us to pay for the damage. IA"
I own a Canadian clothing company that wholesales to many American stores. One of our biggest accounts has owes us $16000 USD and is unresponsive in payment. There are rumours they might go bankrupt soon. What is the best route to collect even a portion of payment before it's too late?
[GA] [UPDATE]: Can my stepdad get custody of me in a divorce?
[PA]Is it legal for an employer require a pregnancy test result from a doctor to prove you are not pregnant?
Neighbour is invincible to towing (update) (BC)
"GTR was towed, things have taken an interesting turn. Location California"
"[California/Maharashtra, India] My [17M] Girlfriend [16F] (US citizen) is forcefully married and being kept against her will and parents have kept her passport."
TX - Pitbulls escaped from neighbors yard and attacked me this time. Forced to kill dogs.
Disciplined for using the men's bathroom when there was a woman inside (Texas)
[Missouri] Neighbor kids won't leave me alone
[FL] I accidentally spent the night in a stranger's house (I mixed up the address). Should I go ahead and report this to the police/homeowners or say nothing?
(Georgia) I make a $2.11/hour server's wage. I often work full day Saturdays and don't come home with minimum wage--is my restaurant required to pay me out to get minimum wage on slow days?
[GA] Can my stepdad get custody of me in a divorce?
[US] My mother is trying to declare me legally dead
"Coworker hacked my iCloud, stole &amp; sent my nude photos to his own number. What can I do?"
"[CA, ON] A coworker snuck onto my work desktop (I was logged in but in meeting), archived me entire e-mail history and forwarded it to themself. I caught them, brought it to attention, and now the employee is claiming the messages are harassment. How should I approach this?"
Dog park situation final
Friend's mother refuses to get her son cancer treatment. Using homeopathic remedies.
"[UPDATE] Signed long lease with old landlady, new landlord says won't honor it."
I've been declared dead [Tx]
"My fing spouse moved me across the fing country just to divorce me in a better fing state, is this fing legal?"
"[OH] My mother just called me and said she just discovered that someone had ""pillaged"" the trees on the wooded half of our family's small farm. What legal recourse(s) do we have to deal with this? (details in thread)"
[OH] Cleaning lady went into my apartment (with notice) and destroyed my work
Update - I think I am being investigated by a higher law enforcement agency for stuff that distant relatives are doing.
Teacher passed out my SSN to the whole class. Is this legal?
"[UPDATE][KS] Contractor I never hired has sent me an invoice for work he allegedly did 5 months ago. The charges are don't make any sense, and he has had a law office threaten a mechanical lien on my business if I don't pay."
Teenager refuses to attend school. What can/should I do to not get in legal trouble? (TX)
[NC] Is it illegal for a teacher to force a child to see gore
Ex-GF hid that she had an STD and passed it on to me
Wife is afraid to file for divorce because husband gets unlimited free legal representation through his lawyer brother. Is that legal?
(CO) Who can legally ID you in a public restroom?
"[WI] Spouse changed locks and doesn't answer phone, do I have to bring in the local police to enter?"
"[CO] Dad commited suicide this morning, got released from hospital despite being ""High risk"" because they didn't have enough room? Do i talk to a lawyer?"
"[Las Vegas,NV] Female employees banned from working for Saudi Air Force hotel buyout."
(California) My apartment company says they need access into my unit all day for a month
My landlord's dog killed another dog and I'm getting a fine
"UPDATE (SC) Reported maintenance man for harassment, being threaten with eviction"
College wants me to apologize to a girl who accused me of stealing her purse. I didn't do that. (New Mexico)
Brother and sister in law filed for custody of my oldest daughter out of nowhere.
"Chase bank is holding onto $147k of my money, and continue to blow me off, despite all my efforts. Michigan."
Please Help Im tired of my parents
[UPDATE] [Maryland] Mothers protective order is being modified in a few days.
[USA - IN] Road widening practically puts traffic in the living room; legal? (Shitty paint graphic!)
[FL] Sister wants to give up son for adoption at 2.5 years of age. Do I have any legal recourse to prevent her from doing so?
"Scammed someone a couple grand, he posted my personal information all over reddit, what are my options? Ontario, Canada"
Update - Church did not want to pay me and accused me of sabotaging their systems.
"[Georgia, USA] A former coworker of mine went into the manager's office and took my SSN and sent it to a friend."
I have an auto-immune disease and was denied my medication of 10 years?
"My school failed to notify both the students and parents that in half of the classrooms, we had abnormally high mold levels, and people are getting sick... [VA]"
[NY] How to give an older child (not baby) up for adoption?
"(CA, Sutter County) A celebrity with a huge following just doxed me online and posted my personal information, what can i do?"
HOA member doesnt like me kayaking - Oregon
GA - My sister’s boyfriend sent me porn that my sister starred in. Is this revenge porn?
Receptionist of hospital contacted my wife via Facebook and Instagram hours after my son was dischaged.
My son got an older girl pregnant. Please help me navigate this. Location NY.
(CA) Being harassed by backdoor neightbor
Co-worker attempted to film female co-worker in restroom at party
I restrained a woman because I thought she was kidnapping a child. She wasn't. How much trouble could I be in? (Maryland)
[update] ex-gf wants to move back in (+ follow-up question)
A family wants my insurance info for injuries they sustained on my property but from damage one of their family members personally caused. IA.
Are my work conditions considered unsafe if another employee has an infection so bad that it literally smells up the entire store?
"I am disabled, with well established accommodations, A doctor is refusing to follow safety protocols, is there an ADA carve out that allows this?"
[Update] [Maryland] College charged me for a class I never took
My friend's ex is sending her nudes to every single person she knows.
Got hit by a man having a seizure and now no one is paying for my totaled car.
"My family are planing to send me back to saudi arabia for ""treatment"" after finding out i am gay, what can i do legally?(victoria)"
My mom hid a 40 thousand dollar trust fund from me for over a year and I just found out about it today. I have a few questions.
"[UPDATE] [CA] We reported our lawsuit threat to Yelp and they are going to tag the business ""Consumer Alert: Questionable Legal Threats"""
Another driver backed into me in a parking lot (I wasn't in motion; I was stopped and waiting to leave the parking lot) and is refusing to pay for my damage. She says it's 50/50 responsibility and we should each pay our own. [Ontario]
"AZ-Now ex-girlfriend has told me I am not allowed on the property we share a lease on, or she will call the police."
[Update] Am I required to testify regarding a situation I have no desire to revisit? [VA]
[WA] Apartment complex had flooring guys come into my apt while I was away and they destroyed hundreds of dollars worth of groceries and medication.
Update: (TX) Pregnant and want to leave child for adoption. Boyfriend doesn't want it. He'll be a horrible father.
Can hospitals and emergency rooms deny you for being an abortion patient facing post-operative difficulties?
Boyfriend is currently in Iraq visiting relatives. He became a citizen of the United States some short time back. He resides in Washington State. Will he have any problems coming back?
"I really need help, have court in one day and was served two days ago."
"Update: Girlfriend wants to place baby for adoption. I am listed on the birth certificate, but found out I am not the biological father. Do I have any options?"
"My 70 year old mother who has major dental anxiety went in to have a simple mold procedure done...(the kind I’ve had for whitening trays)...The Dentist came in to remove it ,usually just a simple removal and they pop out. Well....apparently the person who mixed this must have used permanent cement."
"[NJ] Fired for taking a stay-at-home vacation, unemployment benefits denied. What can I do?"
"[USA,CA] Tesla 'forgot' to pay off my loan when they bought my car back 2 months ago, bank is adding $10,000 to loan principle b/c car doesn't have insurance anymore. No one from Tesla will respond to my calls / emails / executive escalations asking what is going on. I am still making payments on it"
Neighbor building huge garage too close to property line
[Update] What happens if I keep going along with my grandma's illegal schemes?
"[Update] [IA] Summoned for Jury Duty, Literally Can't, Summoned Again"
"Land Lord is trying to Raise Rent 44%, After We Agreed on a 11% Increase Via Text"
I bought a domain name once belonging to a politician after they unknowingly let it expire.
"[VA] Neighbor intentionally cut down a big tree in my yard while I was gone, want to know if I have further options for recovery than just the value of the timber."
My girlfriends mother got hurt from a NJ transit bus accident. We are being told that my girlfriends car insurance needs to pay for everything.
Cash seizure at airport.
"[VA] University housing, 9 fire drills this months after angering housing manager."
Forced into attachment therapy by mother.
[NJ] Biological daughter is harassing me constantly...
Neighbor poisoned my girlfriends dog and killed 5 others with antifreeze-laced ham.
"Denied marriage license because ""we're siblings..."" We're not siblings. We only have the same last names [Texas]"
"I own a vintage watch business and was handcuffed, searched, and interrogated by 5 undercover police officers when I went to a coffee shop to show some watches to a potential client.(CA)"
Just attacked by my neighbor
"Food thief choked on my food. Am I liable? [CA, USA]"
UPDATE [TX] I got the milton treatment at work.
TX Update. One year later. NFA guns in trunk of repossessed car.
"Customer is threatening legal advice over spicy food that was ""as hot as acid"" [CA]"
My lease ended May 31 and when I went to pick up some of my things on the 29th my stuff was in the basement and a construction crew was ripping out the floors and cabinets. Landlord insists on final walk through without me there.
"Parent spent my trust fund, do I have legal recourse?"
[MO] Bus Driver Shook my Daughter by her Backpack. School says that I can't see the tapes.... what do I do?
I am fencing in my property. New neighbors are upset because they feel it is in eye sore.
[TX] Parents neglecting child's health due to religious reasons
"My abusive parents got my boyfriend incarcerated, how do I help him?"
"Nevada- Friend (15f) is catfishing middle aged pedophiles, getting them to send $ to her paypal, and then reporting them as predators. Risk factors or legal repercussions?"
"The FCC stole my identity, adding fake statements in my name against Net Neutrality"
"Bought a new house, family wants belongings left by seller and is becoming aggressive"
"[US,MN] My HOA updated regulations to say floors must be soundproof 75+ IIC/STC (mine are 68/71), and I fear they want to force me to replace them. The regulations when I signed on and moved in did not specify this rating. Do I have any legal recourse?"
Recently purchased home &amp; found 100's of Koi fish in the backyard pool... what to do?
[WA] Found hidden treasure in our new house. Do we have to give it back to the seller?
I'm being harassed and told there's nothing I can do by the police
"My longterm girlfriend just trapped me in a pregnancy without my consent, is there anything I can do?"
I'm 17 and don't want to go to my dad's for the summer. I'll be 18 next month.
"Perforated bowel during colonoscopy, doctor and staff refused to call an ambulance for four hours after I asked. (CT)"
Married CEO of the company I work for sent me text messages asking me how much it would cost to have sex with me
(Missouri USA) My MIL got a secret DNA test on my infant without mine or my husband's consent. Is this legal?
Work is not allowing us to take breaks or paying us for the full time they require us to be there. How legal is this?
"[Update] [GA] I had a package I didn't order delivered to my door, and was offered money for it."
I'd like to write the doctor that operated on my mom to forgive her
Tow truck driver told me I had 3 seconds to step back or he'd put a gun to my head.
(CA) One week from moving out of state. Wife drops bombshell she wants divorce.
"I had another person's criminal background on mine, court said they fixed it as it was an input error. Three years later it's happening again...court is now garnishing my wages for the same person."
General Manager keeps accusing me of being pregnant
A lady is accusing me of stalking her and wants to get a restraining order...
Neighbor cut down 6 of my trees and is stacking dirt oon my land without permission [NC]
"Florida: My name was used by Comcast to post an anti-net neutrality comment to the FCC website. What, if anything can I do about it?"
"[CA, US] My neighbor has set up a security camera that is blatantly pointed into our backyard. Is this legal?"
My dad was fired from a laboratory he worked at and when asked for a reason he was refused and told that an explanation would be provided to the corporations he would apply to for a job in the future.
"[TN]Almost 8 months remaining of 12 month lease, apartment manager wants to start showing/touring perspective renters. They already said I had time to decide to renew, and I don't want people in my home."
"[Rhode Island] I went to a nightclub and opened a bar tab and the bartender wrote in a tip on my receipt without permission. When I questioned why, they got a bouncer to intimidate me into signing the receipt."
"Rent a Center is harassing me over an item an ex owes on, but won't listen when I say we're exes."
"[Georgia, US] Neighbor asked me to watch her cat; cat died of flea infestation in her home despite me getting medication for it and letting her know of the situation multiple times. She now texts me weeks after the incident that she is taking me to court for $1,334.00. How should I prepare?"
[DC] Lyft Driver locked me in his car until I agreed to talk about Jesus
An Employee of mine looks like Hitler...
"Watched a puppy during the day, owner took to vet, now I have to pay?"
"[California/US] Lending company asking for $14,000 dollars on a $2,000 loan. Is this legal?"
CPS is investigating over 'wizard' comment.
Minor update on these pesky volatile gummy bears case
Someone falsely claimed my friend as a dependent on their taxes
LP gas company filled our tank up instead of the 50 gallons we requested. Now they want us to pay.
Can an officer force his way into my home while I get my ID?
"Grooming company killed my cat, was unable to provide CPR."
[LA] my apartment complex threw all of my stuff away without my knowledge
"(New York) Girlfriend is pregnant. I want the baby, she wants to give up for adoption. What does the law say?"
I just got hired as a tourist assistant. My first assignment is to send a money gram to a city near Denmark. Is this a scam!?
I want my medicinal records destroyed. Ex is trying to get a hold of it and ruin my reputation
"[WA] My sister gave parents $65k for a new house, thinking she would be on the lease. Now they’ve sent her to live with grandparents."
"I paid off the balance of my car loan early. The lender verified my zero balance and sent me the title in my name. Two months later my credit score has plummeted due missed car payments, and the lender says I owe them $4K. (Washington, DC)"
I was just handcuffed and intimidated by police because someone on Craigslist wanted his money back after buying my PC.
"My mother learned of her husbands tragic death via the news, while still in the hospital waiting room waiting for information"
My (f)cousin is accusing my (m)cousin(her step brother) of molesting her and is threatening to tell police if he doesn't stop visiting us. She was very specific of the date and time that he did it... except he was with me all day the day and time he supposedly did it. What do I do?
[UPDATE] KY/TN - I moved from KY to TN this last weekend. Old LL threw out all of my things and even kept/sold some. What recourse do I have?
[UPDATE] NY - Sold Phone on Craigslist - Buyer Threatening to Sue
"CA, Threw a small get together with friends (party) and one thing led to another and an uninvited person got shot by another uninvited person"
"Neighborhood kids clear snow from car w/shovel w/out permission, now scratch repair is $2,500."
Fell on a kid at the rock gym and broke his arm. Parents want me to pay his medical expenses. Am I liable? [TX]
"Water Company is trying to say a family of two used 46,800 gallons of water. What are my options?"
West Virginia: Possibly being fired from bank tomorrow morning for discussing wages
"My Guidance Counsellor is Sabotaging My College Applications by Writing Highly Misleading Statements about me on a Recommendation Letter, What are my options?"
"Owner of $2+ mil rental property concealed black mold that caused health problems for previous occupants. Friends moved in, months later all get 104+ fevers, wife miscarries. Can owner be pursued criminally?"
"You find a $20 bill on the ground and keep it, months later you are charged with a class b misdemeanor."
[IN] My younger sister told a councelor I was molesting her. Police are now involved. How do I handle this?
"[WI] Bought property, contract says we get all rights and properties, found a crate of military rifles hidden in the woods, are we the rightful owners?"
[CA] being asked to cover up tattoos and piercings by my apartment
"NC/USA - Mail lady keeps taking packages home and marking them ""delivered."""
SO stuck in Cairo need help now
"""Employees must NOT wash hands"" (California)"
[FL] Tackled into the pavement and put into a full nelson by a co-worker who accused me of stealing. What are my options?
[CA] I was fraudulently registered to vote. Might get deported. HELP.
Cemetery plot purchased in 2003 no longer available.
How do I get my mom's license taken away
[FL] I had sex with this girl in school got her pregnant. Her parents gave me a choice of marrying her or have rape charges pressed against me. What are my options?
Co-signed a car with boyfriend that passed away in January; want to sell car but don't have legal right to do so
I hit an intoxicated pedestrian at around 2:00 AM in Texas
"[TN] After 60 Years, property retailer is claiming they own the mineral rights and will be exercising them."
"Date Confesses He Keyed My Car After Our Date, What Do I do to Make Sure He Pays?!"
I guess I'm filing a civil suit against mattress store. Help?
[UPDATE] NY - Client objects to having consultant's service dog on-site while carrying out contract
[Illinois] Girl Venmoed herself $2400 from my phone at a party how can I get this money back?
Bountyhunters continue coming to my house looking for prior resident! Very scary and intimidating!
One of sister's housemates stole her stash of money ($600) and her $15k engagement ring
"[RI] Two men knocked on my door claiming to be from insurance inspection. I didn't answer, they came in anyway."
(VA) Unarmed man shot dead in his car by security guards
"Update: Co-worker told accounting department to send him my commission earnings, and they did."
HOA came in after we moved in. Kids car was towed after repeated warnings it was illegal.
"Roommate went into diabetic shock and fired 3 revolver rounds in his bedroom while incoherent, no one injured. We rent and I want to know how this affects us as tenants"
"[NY] Do her actions qualify as harassment, and if so, what can I do about them?"
Update on Used Car Dealership selling me a totaled car
[CA] Do I owe an ex employer anything after I quit on the spot and it left them without an operator for two of their most important machines?
Who do clothes belong to?
A guy's daughter hit and ran my car. I need help.
UPS destroyed my $20k smoker
"Potted sidewalk garden of Super Hot Peppers (Ghost Pepper, etc), legal to stream/post webcam security videos of reactions from pepper thieves who eat one? (VA)"
(Arkansas) Hardware store keeps accusing me of theft
[Ohio] New HOA President is threatening me for following state law (I think?)
My father passed on 8-18-2017 and His roomate will not give all possessions back.
*UPDATE* RE: [TN] My 15 year old nephew posted a video of himself naked on snapchat. The police want to talk to him tomorrow. (Positive outcome.)
"(Windsor, ON) Woman in her 40s makes allegations about our 16-year-old son, she came from Florida to our house to make them and harassed my husband"
[IL] parent liability for teen's unpaid bill without their knowledge?
"[PA] Gave two weeks notice, my second to last paycheck is 1/10th my normal pay"
My probation may be revoked and I didn't do anything wrong!!
I broke up with my girlfriend a couple months ago and she didn't take it well. My friends are telling me she is telling people I drugged and raped her. What can I do to safeguard myself from these allegations?
(New York) Police officer encouraged my ex to lie so they can get me out of my own house.
HAPPY 4TH BIRTHDAY /u/locationbot!!
Genetic testing fuckup
Wrongfully accused of shoplifting - physically injured mentally hurt
Ex-girlfriend is giving up our child for adoption. I'm in Texas and they are in Illinois. What can I do?
TX - Officer accidentally exited the highway while tailing me as I was pulling over.
Landlord is refusing to pay for utilities even though it says that he is responsible for them on the lease.
[US]Can an airline sue me if I chargeback my credit card on a service they didn't provide?
[Major Update] Date scam/dine and dash date - any legal recourse?
Can I be forced into an HOA? [WI]
[Important UPDATE! Please help!] I was arrested for a warrant resulting from a ticket for which I have a receipt of payment. The officer said I had a warrant because there's no record of me ever paying. Then I had to walk 6 miles in 32° weather down a dark highway to get back to my car.
I resigned from my job due to third incident of sexual harassment from the same person. Reported everything to HR. What legal standing do I have despite my resignation? [NJ]
(FL) Moving out in a month but my mom won't give me my birth certificate/social security card. She claims they are her property.
Child Protective Services sent a letter saying I have been identified as possible father of a 17 year old. I'm 31. Definitely a mistake. (California)
Neighbor Cut Down My Tree [New York]
I just fell in a trench because my fence was removed???
[LA] scumbag ex landlord paying settlement check in multiple 90 lb boxes filled with pennies
Fired for swearing inadvertently (South Carolina)
"I bought a 6 year old computer at a thrift store. Previous owner never erased anything, and I found a bitcoin wallet that still contained btc. Do I report this or pay taxes on their value?"
Landlords install a surveillance camera without our knowledge or permission - it turns out they were listening in on private conversations. We didn't know it had audio. Is any of this legal?
(CA) Twin brother is abroad and his ex-girlfriend is coming after me for child support.
Update: Tenants are revolting against other tenant accused of a crime. -- Part III
"22yr old male sending explicit hentai/pony porn to my teenage daughter, any legal recourse?"
"Neighbor poisoned my do with antifreeze, need some help. TN"
[Usa] Im i legally required to tip?
Ex sent naked pictures to my daughter
"Scheduled job interview, saw I was pregnant when I walked into the office, told me they didn't want to mess with it and wouldn't even interview me."
Boss walked into my room while I was in urgent care
Help! My car was hit by a minor on a bicycle while I was stopped and the car suffered damages (no physical damages to me or minor). Parents are not taking responsibility and threatened to countersue if I take action.
"Prop 206 (AZ, USA) raised minimum wage to 10$ per hour. I'm still making $9. Is this legal?"
"(IL) Landlord keeps alligator in empty apartment above us, only knew now cause it was sunbatheing on the patio"
"[PA] Boss says he'll ""have me fired"" if I don't loan him money. Will I get unemployment?"
"I was hit by a negligent tourist driving an Alamo rental vehicle. Despite my dash cam video, Alamo is denying liability simply 'based on their driver's statement that they never left their lane'. The dash cam video clearly shows otherwise, but I'm being blown off anyways."
[USA] Found out my doctor is a huge gossip. She’s talked about my private medical problems to members of the community
Landlord is showing the apartment at unreasonable hours and for unreasonably long periods of time?
Parents allowed child to run out in road and was almost hit. Child is ok but I am now being sued.
I had a baby two days ago and her father is making my life miserable. What can/should I do?
Root canal performed on wrong tooth
"[CA] My gym banned me (33/M) for reporting sexual assault (they fired the fitness instructor too [police agreed with me] and gave me no reason for banning me other than that they were a 'private club"""
(IL) Dad and his wife are divorcing. Wife's lawyer asked me to show him my bank accounts for the duration of their marriage.
Legal recourse for a caregiver being abused by a patient (spouse)
[GA] Type 1 Diabetic's Insulin Pump Removed 12 Hours During Unexplained Detention
"[OH] Volunteered my pool's water to the fire dept to fight a house fire. Looks like I'm on the hook for refilling 15,000 gallons."
"Refused to work on handicap van, said they will sue"
"[MA] ""Inspectors"" tried to force their way into apartment, arrested after police were called. Possible eviction and damages?"
A director at my work won't allow female employees to leave the workplace unless they are escorted to their car by a male employee. Is this legal? [Oklahoma]
TX - Son's car towed and impounded because officer refused to accept digital proof of insurance.
Being threatened with a lawsuit and being slandered on FB for refusing to let a pregnant woman tan
Friend facing drug charges is possibly having them dropped due to flag in courtroom.
Landlord is charging me to replace his used couch (NH).
(CA) Mom found a hidden camera in her bathroom facing her shower.
Mistake by credit card processing company has practically ruined our mom &amp; pop business
Landlord forcing military members to pay $500 to use their SCRA termination rights. Is this legal?
"[NYC] semi-update; Just quit and my employer is trying to make me ""make up"" time"
Trying to recover $7600 from a company for a stolen delivery
"Church isn't going to pay me for 7 weekends of work [United States, Texas]"
"(IN, USA) Falsely arrested for resisting arrest"
"UPDATE - NY, LL stepped on laptop. Good news, got a NEW laptop from insurance!"
"[NJ] [Update] - Lying neighbor trying to steal a 2' strip of my property, just received a certified letter from her attorney complaining about my tree."
"HOA claiming ""Guilty by Association"" for ALL dog poop behind our condo because we own a dog. Can we be fined based 100% on assumptions?"
Mom has credit in my name HELP
[Update/RESOLVED][CALIFORNIA] Seller of home took items in home clearly specificed as part of sale (Value ~$1500)
Ticketmaster event closed my section on the day of the event. Paid $998 for a closed section. [TX]
[UPDATE] Neighbour frustrated with noise called child services on us.
"[WI] A woman I had sex with once is accusing me of getting her pregnant, I want to be sure before I get financially and emotionally involved, what are my rights?"
Neighbors took stairs off my deck without my permission?
[IN] Doc-in-a-box glued my infant's eye shut with surgical glue. Any legal grounds?
(WA) My fiancee left me at the altar. She's refusing to return the engagement ring and pointblank ignored my questions about the shower gifts and the money donated to our honeyfund.
"(Maine) Pipes burst in basement. Landlord refuses to pay for repairs or a new furnace, claims something in the lease implies that we are responsible for this."
"Georgia - Car Dealer Sold Me New Car, Now Claims Price was Too Low"
(Kentucky) A Woman Told All Her FB Friends That I’m a Pedophile and That I watch Kiddie Porn
"Update and follow up question to ""roommate cut my hair without my consent and accidentally cut herself"""
My car was blown up on my property
Ex-wife is suing me in small claims for lost wages when she got fired for me not exercising my parenting time.
"(Colorado) Went to Emergency Room , emergency surgery done. Insurance says surgeon was not in network and sent me a bill for $20,000."
My car supposedly caught fire on the back of tow truck. Tow truck driver was off route for some reason.
"[California]Landlord increasing rent 18.6 percent and only 30 day notice, when Law is 60 day, threatens with evicting me."
"My 23 year old niece tattooed my 15 year old daughter, and my husband wants to involve the police?"
"[OK] Neighbor threatening to sue after I didn’t give him free electricity, citing implied contract."
"Called an ambulance on a neighbor, am holding his gun- family issuing threats. Tennessee"
[WA STATE] My attorney withdrew based on a partially paid bill that is not due until 12/29 - with court in 8 days! Can she do this? What are my options?
"Parents say I need to pay them $4,000 for their taxes when I get married"
Parents lock my sister in her room. Is that illegal in New York?
Doctor's in office urine test costs $9k. He.says I don't have to pay because his contract with lab says I don't.
"US, Alabama, parent at school bus stop smokes in the middle of the group of kids, will not stop, school can't do anything, the parent threatened me today."
"[California] We are a small indie porn company. Former model wants her videos removed, unwilling to buy the copyright. Sends threatening messages."
Abduction
"Helped at an accident, now a victim is threatening to sue. [California]"
[UPDATE] GA - My sister’s boyfriend sent me porn that my sister starred in - Warrant being issued.
I took my sister to have an abortion. Her parents are threatening to sue me for causing them distress. Pennsylvania.
Is it religious harassment to be told you are sinning and need to go home and pray and read bible by manager? (Texas)
"Quit job but they kept paying me for months. Now they are asking 2x repayment, plus repay for false claim of vacation, PLUS A PENALTY."
"(Chicago, IL) my girlfriend moved into my apartment with me but is not on the lease and doesn't pay rent and now I can't get her to leave."
Road Construction crew severed my sewer line. They are refusing to fix it.
Legal for 37 year old man to sleep in bed with 16 year old girl UPDATE
[CA] Have video of neighbor poisoning trees in backyard
Contractor accidentally put new roof on house - do I still have to pay?
"Due to untrained staff, a doctors office shared our address with a crazy individual after being asked not to. Then, the same night, men came to our home to terrorize us and we now live in fear."
"My girlfriend left her water bottle open, I leaned over to give her a kiss, and spilled it all over her laptop. Who is responsible?"
[TX] Ex-wife is moving out of country due to her new husband's deportation order and taking my kids with her. I want to fight to keep them. What can I do? Where should I start?
Health inspector threatening to shut down my restaurant unless I fire a waitress? [New Jersey]
Just got my divorce finalized but still can't see my child
"[NC] Ex-gf wants to move back in 3 weeks after break-up, claims tennant rights"
Employer asking questions about religious beliefs
[UPDATE] Employer docking pooled cash tips on account of cash drawer being off. - MA
"[California] My grandma died with a notarized will. My sister, the executor, wants to disregard what my grandma stated in the will..."
My roommate needs security clearance for work. He smokes a lot of weed. What should he do? [GA]
Car Dealership has literally lost my car.
My 12 year old son molested my daughters (Texas)
Father of my child has threatened to restart her vaccinations from the beginning when he is already aware that she is current on all of her health needs. How can I prevent this from happening?
[Update] [SC] My boss wants me to repay relocation expenses after I quit even though it was not in the contract to repay it
My mother has assaulted me in the past but we declined to press charges. She is now physically involving herself with my immunocompromised infant despite me asking her to be vaccinated first. What are my legal options?
"(WI) Stuck in cold winter weather, landlord locked me out, has been holding mail for 3 weeks and possibly killed my cat. URGENT"
[Oregon]Fired for performing the heimlich maneuver on a choking child at the daycare where I work.
(NY) Landlord has erected large political signs in front yard.
"[Georgia] IRS Searched Business beneath my apartment, they also came in my apartment and took things. Is this legal? I have no affiliation with the business."
Land Lord is telling us the house we live in is about to be foreclosed and we've never missed a payment. Help please
Courier refused to deliver my package to my apartment. I told him off for bad service. He took my package and said he's not delivering. I grabbed it off him. Then he tackle grabbed me and held me from behind and refused to let go until someone intervened. Was I assualted?
I am about to quit my job for ethical reasons. Could I be sued for sending a company-wide email urging other employees to report fraud and illegal activity? (Ohio)
"Please help! I've won a small claims case against my landlord for $1200, and he refuses to pay. He has also told me he will file for bankruptcy."
"[California] - I wish I never joined the HOA Board. Sov Cit in our community has been a problem for a few years, now filing erroneous leans on HOA Board Members homes and community property."
ATT charged me for calling 911. I didn't call tge cops with a ATT number.
(FL) My school is ignoring my 504. What can we do?
Almost ex is racking up red light moving violations for spite.
(CT) Neighbor's treehouse on my property
"There is this 19 year old kid who keeps wiring me money to my bank account so I change my testimony and I keep wiring it back, but it never stops she keeps sending it back again, What can be done here to make her stop without getting her or myself in trouble? [West Lake Hills, TX]"
UPDATE: Mailed back my jury duty card with the box checked saying that I moved. Got called being threatened with punishment. Summit county Colorado..
"[UPDATE] Knocked over a mail box, friend's mom wants me to pay it off, and is threatening me over it."
"Southern California, my car was repoed today even though I am ahead on my payments."
Floridian who rented a car in California. Turned in the vehicle and was told everything was fine. Contacted by rental car company a week after turning in vehicle for a $600 damage claim on a small barely noticeable scratch underneath the front bumper. How do I fight this?
[NY] Psychiatrist keeps in contact with parent despite my insistence that she not talk to him without prior permission
[IL] My ex-wife opened a credit card in my name after the court denied her alimony.
Michigan: Kid climbed over my fence. Was next to my deck steps when I let my dog out. The kid was nipped by my dog in the thigh.
"Nebraska, USA: Wife and I left our rented apartment for last two months of lease. Landlord let his sister move in but still wants us to pay rent because she's ""not a tenant."""
My landlord is replacing the only bedroom window with one that doesn't open. Is he breaking the lease?
One of my x-employees would like to sue me because she's under the entirely correct impression that I waited to report her stealing from me until the degree was two ways past simple theft...could she succeed? In Iowa?
"Got pulled over. I keep a pill bottle with all my various prescriptions in one bottle because i have a lot of medical issues. Cop sees prescription container in glove box, makes me give it to him and now am being charged? Help!"
I got summoned for injuring my neighbor's kid who hurt herself on my property
Apartment building wants to install 'facial recognition software' to allow entrance to the building
[Update][AZ] School is trying to deny friend her service dog
Dealing with ignorant neighbor
"Co-worker told accounting department to send him my commission earnings, and they did."
Received a cease and desist letter regarding a DIY camper I built claiming damages/IP infringment
Won 800k in a scratch off ticket. I am about 6 months away from making my last child support payment.
"(FL) My new doctor called me sexy, and hugged me."
Just finished small claims court vs Equifax [OH]
Employer used all of my PTO without me knowing
"(Update) Small claims court tomorrow, are all my ducks in a row? (OK)"
[Atlanta] My husband's coworker has threatened to shoot people if he gets fired. He's getting fired tomorrow.
Animal control entered my stable and fed my horses. One horse got sick. Texas.
Landlord gave other tenants a key to my private bathroom. What rights do I have?
Employee out sick with doctor's note following disagreement and threat to quit and sue. Can I still fire her when she returns?
"[MD] Boss in MD asks me to tag along to meeting, forces sexual activity at house."
My mail was sent to the wrong house and the people who received it tried to keep it (California)
[UPDATE] Hopefully final update. Would love any advice on the theft and attempted destruction of my cat.
A lady let her dog attack me while I was on a walk
[TX] Pecan tree severely cut back by trimmers who came to wrong yard
"My cat killed my neighbours escaped snake, now I've been reported to our landlord. What can I do?"
"I hit a child with my car, but the police ruled that it was his fault, now the family is coming after me and my parents. (Colorado)"
[Ohio] ...Is it illegal to abandon a gas station?
Wal Mart surveillance meth bust goes awry (m)28 TN
"Three unexplained miscarriages, recently discovered there have been massive anesthetic gas leaks in workplace [Canada]"
"[New Zealand] Boyfriend took my bank card, cashed out all my savings, threw away all my belongings"
(tx) lost my custody case because i have no religion. Is there any assistance for getting an appeal?
[UPDATE] (19M/18M) My rommates parents are restricting him.
[NY] Landlord suing me over doors I broke down while our 5 story apartment building was on fire.
[Update] A classmate of my daughter (13) sent her an extremely sexually aggressive and inappropriate message via facebook messenger and I need some advice.
Update - Is Olive Garden about to hit me with a neverending bowl of lawsuits? [Spoiler: No]
[WA] banned from entering or exiting neighborhood without a car
Previous Employer Wants to Sue me for Taking Business Cards
I've been walking around shirtless and the neighbors don't like it... Now the cops want to talk to me. [TN]
(CA) Neighbor keeps inviting people to park in my gated drive-way. What happens if I lock the gate and refuse to let neighbor's guests access their cars?
CA. My parental rights were terminated when I was in prison. Adoptive father has divorced the mother and is harassing me to pay his child support.
Found out my mother paid child support for over two years after my father kicked me out of the house. What can I reasonably do about this?
[Virginia] Gas company took back it's nearly full tanks and claims the gas inside is theirs to keep.
"People keep parking in my driveway, what do I do?"
"Manager put water and sugar in my car's gas tank (update) (QC, Canada)"
My mentally unstable younger brother is threatening to blackmail me unless I quit my job and move home. (South Korea + Kentucky)
"[Update] [GA] Neighbor alleges my dog came into his yard and bit his dog. Nine or 10 days later, dog has been euthanized and I am cited."
"[CA] I adopted a dog that was certified as spayed by the adoption agency. When she started exhibiting signs of heat, I spent over $600 in vet bills to determine what was wrong, only to discover that she was never spayed. Adoption agency says they have no obligation to refund these vet bills."
I was raised by 'sovereign citizens'. Now I'm trying to make sense of what happened and clean up the mess.
[PA] Neighbors harassing over parking.
Ex wife has a new interpretation of our visitation order
"UPDATE to [San Antonio, TX] Accepted a promotion at work with a new offer letter, but I've just found out they're refusing to honor the letter one month plus into the new position."
Baby's death due to negligence in pediatric hospital in U.S.
[TX] Bought first house. Previous owners didn't disclose roots in sewer lateral. We found a Facebook post where they say it needs to be replaced. What do we do now?
(Colorado) My significant other found some dogs next to our house that appeared to be abandoned. They were taken to a shelter. Now she is being charged for trespassing and theft. Is she at fault?
"[North Carolina] My landlord moved in with me, without my permission, and “accidentally” came in the bathroom while I was showering."
"[MI] Landlord decided she doesn't want us to move in. We already signed the lease, have keys, paid deposit+rent."
My sister attempted to kill our mom and now she trying to cheat me out of my inheritance. My sister will continue to take advantage of the situation until I can hold her legally accountable.
WA. HOA says our indoor pool is an outdoor pool.
I believe I was fired for threatening to report my corrupt company to OSHA. Employer was stupid enough to send incriminating texts to me.
I believe my mother was arrested/detained at the airport cant find her .
My (17) daughters dad(20) won't pay child support to me because I'm a minor (OR)
"Company owes my company $1200, no idea how to get it back, and it's going to destroy my business."
"My landlord found out I have a child living in my unit, and is now threatening to evict me"
[NC] I fathered a child in undergrad in NC in 2007. Been paying mutually agreed $1000/month child to mother since. Now I find out her and her husband adopted child in 2008. What recourse do I have?
[NJ] Neighbors kid sat on my motorcycle without permission. Fell and broke his femur. Am I liable?
Birth mother committed suicide leaving my husband with three children under three. The youngest was 3 months when she passed away. She will be four 11/30. Biological dad wants the youngest. Never met her. He knew my husband didn't.
"[NJ] Insurance agent purchased me the wrong worker's comp policy for my business, accident not being covered."
"[PA] Told people sitting in their car on my property to move, verbal altercation ensued."
"[MA] Manager grabbed me and threatened me to leave the company after I asked about new job title, paying overtime a year late, incorrect overtime, deleting vacation time, misusing sick time, and more...I'm lost and mentally drained. (Long post of everything that happened)"
Parents want to add clause to will stating that I cannot sell home [NYC]
[update] Son was improperly restrained twice at daycare where my wife works. Pulled son from daycare and wife has quit. Looking for advice on how to proceed. [NJ]
[FL] Can my age legally be used against me during a DCFS investigation?
"[IA] Summoned for Jury Duty, Literally Can't, but Court Clerk Doesn't Care"
"[UPDATE] Well, it started as a custody case, but $10k+ later.. and I find out this. [Florida, 2nd update]"
Update: Worked two days and decided the job wasn't a fit: Employer not wanting to pay wages (Final)
[Illinois] Service Animal That Gave A Person Anaphylactic Shock
[MI] Our son was taken away after a misread X-ray
I found my real name and address with a ANTI Fake neutrality comment HELP!
"Hotel job, employer trying to make front desk employees sign a document saying we will pay for lost income if guest leaves without paying."
CA: My sister's husband went overseas to and married another woman.
I have ulcerative colitis and my health insurance company keeps denying any medications prescribed for it.
My wife’s parents opened up a credit card in her name without her knowledge and let it get charged off. [Maryland]
A university social prank left me with a broken phone that I just bought 3 days ago.
"[NSW, Australia] Real estate inspection agent (landlord's proxy) that I'd had run-ins with before used my sink as a toilet during inspection. I *will* act on this but I'd like to know the best course of action."
My brother was murdered last night on his birthday. I need advice.
"""Lost"" package of 100 SNES games, valued at $5,000 - $10,000. What are my options?"
Neighbor may have killed my daughter's service dog.
"[IN] Police raided rented apartment, didn't find anything and no charges were pressed, who is paying for the damage?"
"[NV] Roommate cut my hair without my consent, ended up cutting herself and is threatening to call the police on me."
"[TX] CPS wants me to find a “safety observer”, but I do not know anyone appropriate to do so where I live. Can they not provide someone for me? Will my child be taken away if I can’t find someone?"
(MI) I have problems with my company's bathroom policy (I am female.. it gets a bit gross)
"[Update] Police Withholding Public Records, Investigating Me and Family for Asking"
Daughter sexting blackmail
"Called in sick , my boss said no"
TX - Did PC tech work for a local church. They do not want to pay me. Claims I sabotaged their systems.
Update: dude where's my car?
Rape victim needs advice.
Whistleblowing My “Healthy Eating” Employer
Texas - Officer wrote me 4 tickets last month. Found out he was fired today.
Defended 5 year son from 10 year old attacker.
"[UPDATE] [Ghana, West Africa] My university wants students to paint the interior of their rooms out of their own pocket, claiming that their maintenance only effects electricity, water, and the external grounds of the hostel. I'm supposed to check in today and am severely underprepared."
"(TX) My HOA does not allow dogs that are over 35 lbs. My tenants moved in, with a pitbull that weighs over 35lbs. I wasn't aware until HOA emailed me after they moved in and let it be aware of this."
Ruined douche cabin base paint in rented apartment.
"(NV) Girlfriend's pregnant sister was refused bathroom break at work and peed herself, and is not receiving proper pay, where to go from here?"
What do I do? Father is sexually abusing my youngest sister (13)
[Update] (MO) One last check before I sue my ex-landlord in small claims for not returning security deposit
"[AUS, NSW] Dad used Entitlement! It's Sue-per Effective!"
Is this pregnancy discrimination? I want to work but my employer is making it difficult if not impossible.
Forged signature on a receipt
Employee requesting off a week for Harvey assistance in mid september.
My Dermatologist Cut the wrong piece of my head off
"Update: Coworker ""stole"" paycheck, employer defending thief"
Illegally towed from my apartment and I want to make a deal. [UPDATE]
"Today, my ex cashed a check I wrote over 2 years ago, for a second time (my bank honored 2 years ago as well). My bank is being unhelpful. What is the best legal course of action?"
My dog was euthanized
"[Massachusetts] Found jewelry buried in our land. There's likely more. These are ours, right?"
"Somerville MA, Landlord mad cause I won't date him, won't give me my security deposit"
Boss is sending naked pictures of me (CA)